['My daughter wanted this book and the price on Amazon was the best.  She has already tried one recipe a day after receiving the book.  She seems happy with it.', 'I bought this zoku quick pop for my daughterr with her zoku quick maker. She loves it and have fun to make her own ice cream.', 'There is no shortage of pop recipes available for free on the web, but I purchased the "Zoku Quick Pops" book, because Zoku has some good recipes for fruit pops on its blog. I was hoping there were more where those came from. This book emphasizes very sweet dessert pops, however. There are 41 recipes in total, only 13 of which are fruit pops. There is a "Fresh and Fruity" chapter, followed by three chapters of dessert pops entitled "I Scream for Quick Pops!", "Bake Shop", and  "Coco Loco". As you might guess from the last one, there are 15 pop recipes that contain chocolate.Chapters on "Tips" and "Techniques" are useful. There is more detailed information about ingredients that don\'t freeze well in the Zoku than is found in the instruction manual. The book lists options for dairy products and sweeteners, tells you how to do different types of layers, how to add decorative fruit slices, how to do a quick shell, and how to make core pops. The pages about core pops are especially helpful, as they include recipes for pink, purple, and orange outer layers for brightly-colored core pops. The book recommends using Zoku accessory kits, but you can do without.The pop recipes tend to go out of their way to be as sweet as possible. Many, including the recipe for a vanilla base, call for vanilla pudding, where vanilla Greek yogurt would do just as well. I\'ve substituted it with no ill effect. On the bright side, many of these recipes may appeal to children, whereas most pop books that I have seen are geared more to adults. There are flavors like "Cookie Dough", "That\'s a S\'more", chocolate peanut butter, and peanut butter and jelly. All 9 recipes in "Bake Shop" are inspired by cake and cookie recipes.As a resource for light, fresh-tasting fruit pop recipes, "Zoku Quick Pops" is very limited. Most of the fruit recipes are gimmicky and contain too many ingredients. The recipe for Lemonade pops contains orange juice, which is fine, but the addition of vanilla extract kills the fresh fruit flavor. The recipe for mango pops includes orange, apple, banana and lemon, which are too many competing flavors. Mango and orange together make a terrific pop. The book is great for chocolate lovers and those looking for dessert pop recipes. Tips and techniques are also useful. For fruit pop recipes, "Top Pops" by Emily Zaiden is far better.', 'This book is a must have if you get a Zoku (which I also highly recommend). There is a large variety of recipes from simple, to fancy. The flavor combos are creative, and it gives you ideas for decorating the pops too. They turn out as beautiful as they are tasty. After reading it you will be inspired to create your own recipes too.', 'This cookbook is great.  I have really enjoyed reviewing all of the recipes.  Sure - some are more difficult than others, but there is a nice variety in this book.  For me it was totally worth it just to get the quick shell recipes alone.  We have only tried the chocolate so far, but it is so tasty.  A few of my favorite recipes in this book are the banana from the strawberry banana one, and the raspberry/blackberry ones (but I used mixed berries).  Also, it has great instructions for tips on using the Zoku.  Definitely recommended.', 'If you have a Zoku Quick Pop maker (or two....I have the original one-slot and then I bought the double-slot here at Amazon), I recommend you get this creative little book, which will inspire you.', 'This book is so beautifully illustrated and easy to follow. It helps you to understand the Zoku better. It might have been even better if they made the recipe units for different sized molds. These recipes produce too much for a single mold unit. It would have been nice if they used a matrix for the ingredients like on a box of rice. I am just math lazy and bought a single mold Zoku. Dividing 3/4 of a cup, 3 tablespoons or 3 1/2 tablespoons is kind of dicey in my kitchen.', 'I bought this when I bought the pop maker. I think the recipes are fine, but there really isn\'t much in the book I wouldn\'t have figured out myself.A couple of good creamy recipes that are now available for free on recipe websites. As for "pop embellishing" well, that wasn\'t too hard to figure out, either. I\'d save the money and spend it instead on extra pop sticks, which seem to disappear the way socks do....', 'The Zoku accessories are pricey, but the recipes have the exact amount you need to make the pops.  I have made it through 15 varieties so far, and I like them all.', 'High quality book. Clear and helpful information, and then some superb recipe suggestions clearly outlined. I can highly recommend this product.', 'The recipes in this books are tedious to make. I found that easier and simpler recipes can be found online. I had no problem with the recipes online working in the Zoku maker.', 'This beautifully illustrated book featuring ten colorful,glittery butterflies is a favorite at our house. The nana-babies like to count the butterflies as they flit off! The book is also good for learning colors, discussing the activities the butterflies do and the plastic butterflies are great as the babies and toddlers like to touch them!', "I got this as a gift for my niece and she loved it. It's a super cute book and ill be getting it for any other nieces that may come along.", 'This is the story of a group of butterflies looking for a place to sleep. Each one is a different color, and each pair of facing pages (color-coordinated, of course!) tells the story of where each of the butterflies found to sleep. Each of the butterflies is shown as a brightly-colored, foil-looking toy that your little one will not be able to resist touching.My little one absolutely loved this book, and it did go great as a preparing for sleep read. The colors and the butterflies, and the cute story all were a hit. We both highly recommend this book!', 'This book is absolutely beautiful. A brilliant bedtime story with vibrant colors and gorgeous illustrations. Each page teaches a different color and the illustrations boldly burst with that color. ..., is how the book starts off and we are then led all around this color dreamland. ...The butterflies in the book are popped out and sparkly. As we turn each page the color butterfly we are reading about disappears. Each page mentions the color twice and an animal. The last page reunites all the butterflies and the colorful animals as we say goodnight...My daughter loved this book since she was 4 months old. The colorful illustrations keep her interested and she likes to grab at the popped up butterflies. A delightful story I enjoy reading again and again. I sometimes even read it to myself. The purple page is MY favorite.', 'My daughter 1 year old really likes this book.  I bought it because of its similarity to the 10 little ladybugs book.  It has the same sort of colorful illustrations and I like it better as the ladybugs are not as pretty as the sparkly butterflies.  This book teaches colors as each of the butterflies finds a place to stay for the night.Update - My daughter is now well grown but this book sticks in my mind still - we read it so many times.  I would say it was one of her very favorites when she was young.', "For a novice cake decorator who got talked into making her son's wedding cake, Wilton makes lovely cake decorating accessories to help with every step.  This book gave me so many great ideas and wonderful recipes as well!  This cake had a 16&#34; square base, 10&#34; sq middle layer and 6&#34; top layer all set 90 degrees.  For a first wedding cake, it was amazing with Wilton's help!  This book is a must have for newbies like me.", 'I should not have bought it because it comes free from my cake decorating class. Oh well, at least I gave the other copy to my sister.', 'had no idea about decorating cakes,by this booklet ,now i can say that following the instructions and have the will and patience plus practicing,one day i wont be ashamed ofmy cakes. i added an image of a cake i made according to this book lessons, which i advice anyone who is interested; to get this book...', 'excellent book, shipped on time, packaged nicely, helpful tips in the book, good price. Very good experience, very happy with the product and vendor', "i loved it. don't use it much but when i had it's been useful. I recommend it to all who wants to learn how to decorate cakes", "So I actually bought this thinking it was the entire Lesson 2 kit. However, I've found through experience that having the book without having to take the class is a good thing. I've taken the Wilton Lesson 1 class and the number of Wilton items you have to purchase ALONG with the Lesson kit is a little ridiculous. I've worked my way through Lesson 1 and now I'm working my way (by myself) through lesson 2. I recommend anyone that likes to work on their own time to just purchase this book.", 'helpful information on decoraing basics. Good book for beginners who need step by step instructions and guidance. Good for all age groups.', 'Got this for my girlfriend who runs a baking business and she said it was handy to have for a reference book. She said it is handy to have when thinking of decorating ideas.', "I'm hoping that I can learn how to make gum paste flowers to perfection for my daughters wedding, and maybe a few other cakes.", 'This 128 page book contains pictures and patterns for 38 tiered cakes.  It gives you instructions on how to assemble cakes on stands, pillars or stacked construction.  It also contains recipes for basic scratch cakes in white, yellow, chocolate, strawberry, and banana.  It also has the recipes for standard Wilton Icings, fillings, glazes, fondant (not the tasty marshmallow kind), color flow, gum paste, and candy clay.  There are tips for baking, leveling, torting, filling and icing the cakes.  It also gives some instruction on how to cover a cake with fondant.  There are suggestions for transporting tiered cakes, calculating servings per cake and cutting guides.  The book also includes patterns and instructions for various decorations.  As with all Wilton books, the last few pages detail products you can buy from them to duplicate all the designs in the book.  The problem is that some of these items don\'t seem to be available on their web site any more.  The book was first published in 2005.  Still, it\'s a great idea book and I\'m sure you can find acceptable substitutes for a lot of the items.  The book contains ideas for cakes that could be served at weddings, anniversaries, and showers.Also, I\'m not sure if it\'s offered everywhere, but I\'m currently enrolled in a class taught by a Wilton Instructor called "Tall Cakes".  It is taught in two sessions.  The first class is a demonstration by the instructor on how to put together a tiered cake.  The second class is where we bring in our own cakes and learn how to stack or pillar them.  It\'s less expensive than the other classes, no kit is required and the items needed are this book, one six-inch and one ten-inch layer cake, the plate/pillars, and our decorations.  It\'s a great way to top off the other four classes.', "didn't really care many of the cakes at all. not up to normal standing for wilton yearbooks of the past. the best cake is on the cover.", 'I am very happy I purchased this book as it containes so much great information and time saving tips. I highly recommend.', "This book isn't much help if you are not taking the wilton cake decorating classes. you can get the basics but its really just a visual for the class!", 'I have always wanted to learn how to decorate a beautiful cake, and I purchased this guidebook along with The Wilton Pastry bag kit.  I appreciate how this guide gives tips on how to bake the perfect cake, and also gives detailed step-by-step instructions on how to use the pastry bag to make many different designs. I do, however, agree that this book did appear to be an advertisment for thier products, but the guide was helpful nonetheless.', 'This lesson plan is perfect for a beginner and definitely helped introduce working with fondant in a user-friendly way.  Thanks, Wilton.', "Any person that wishes to learn the art of making beautiful, real appearing, fondant/gum past flowers - this is the book for you!! I promise your flowers will look SO real that it will surprise people. Each and every little hint that helps you to make your flowers appear real is in this book! You cannot go wrong with this book. You will find yourself reading it over and over, makign flowers over and over. You will see that your self-esteem will roar! People, co-workers, family members, friends will be dazzled and amazed -- and so will YOU.  This lesson book is extremely valuable. It cannot be purchased from Wilton (which is a real crying shame). I think Wilton is afraid that if they sell the book, they will miss out of selling classes, but not so.  I, myself, took 4 classes. Having bakes/cooked since the age of 9, I really didn't feel it was necessary but boy was I surprised. I learned more in my first class than I had in years of teaching. Wilton honestly needs to sell these lesson plans.  Not only will receive money from the classes, but they will also make money from the books.  Why would a company prefer their customers buy their books from someone else??? I've not figured that out.  Getting back to this lesson book...you will be extremely, extremely happy.  Your family will brag on you.  Your income will increase for making beautiful live-appearing flowers that you sell on your cakes. Please try it...you cannot fail!!! Best book ever on making and decorating flowers!!", "It took me about 40 minutes to read this lesson plan thoroughly; while it is inexpensive at under five dollars, I still don't know if that is necessarily a good value. As some reviewers have pointed out, much of the book focuses on advertising Wilton products; without all of this the useful material in the book could have been condensed down to a couple of pages. I did like the photographs and the techniques for making different consistencies of buttercream for different uses. I had initially planned on getting the subsequent lesson plans as well, but I don't think it will be worth it. If you have any skill/experience with cake decorating at all, I'd recommend skipping this book.", 'I love this booklet! It is light and slim so its easy to have around and it has great pics to reference to in a hurry.', 'This dvd is a must for any cake decorator.  It is presented in short and easy to understand segments.  It works great for the beginner or as a quick refresher.  The instructor did an outstanding job of both explaining and demostrating?', 'I loved the book, very complete, detailed, clear instructions and easy to learn procedures. It is a comprehensive guide, useful for success in the art of pastry', 'This has certainly improved my cake decorating knowledge as a pure novice. I will now purchase the other books so I can learn more.', "Even this is the 2nd course, it is easy to follow. I love the results. I don't sell cakes but make them for friends and family. This is only a hobby so I don't make cakes everyday. I can pick this book up and follow the directions and get great results.", 'Finally, I am taking the third (and most fun!) Wilton class at my local Joan Fabric store and I am loving this book!  One look at the cover, and I was "in."  This book explains the gum paste and fondant techniques beautifully, with very well photographed examples.  I recommend this book most highly with its inspiring and easy-to-follow instructions.', 'This Wilton book is awesome.  My local craft shop did not offer the fondant course when I wanted to take it so I decided to teach myself.  I followed the lessons in the book and my fondant cakes have improved greatly.  In my area the Wilton Method instructors are not so great so I am happy I was able to save the money on the class but still get all of the wonderful Wilton advice.  I would definitely recommend not only buying this book, but seeing how much you can teach yourself before spending the money on the class.', 'This is so remedial.  Buy a Wilton magazine for less money and get more ideas and instructions for your investment.', 'A good tool for home use.  Shows several types of simple, easy to perform techniques.  Would recommend for beginners and home bakers.', 'Perfect! not bad of a book. I would recommend this item to anyone! Works great for baking! I would buy again.', 'I got this for my daughter in law. She loves it. Is shows how to use all the tools in the kit.', 'I bought this book to help me out with decorating cakes and cupcakes as a beginner. I have found this book to be an excellent reference for the first time decorator. I ended up buying two different tips that did not come with my cake decorating set, that I have found very useful. I bought the cake curved spatulas, from Amazon,that work very well. I also bought the bench knife, and found a 16" cake lifter, and a 18" cake leveler. I got all these great ideas from this book. I bought other things in the book from Amazon, however, the list goes on too long to keep mentioning everything. Buy the book, great starter outer! Oh yes, I always take a look at all of the good and not so good reviews for every product I purchase from Amazon.comSincerely,Super Chef David', "This book is okay, but I was expecting a much larger book than this. This book is the size of my hand and hard to see the small writing when you're trying to prepare and read it at the same time.", 'Wonderful to have a reference book handy with step-by-step instructions -- I used when I was covering my first cake in fondant and it was so easy!', 'My youngest daughter requested this as a gift.  She was very happy with it and I may buy another one for my middle daughter.', "I saw this book at Target and flipped through it.  I was amazed at all the ideas to do with a simple brownie!  Granted what I make won't ever look as good as the pictures in the book, but I'm okay with that.  If I had sat down and thought about it I might have come up with some of these same ideas, but some of them are really clever.  I have had fun looking through the book with my kids and we are making brownie pops for my son's b'day treats at school and his party.PROS:- You can buy most of these supplies (including the book) at Michael's Craft Supplies or Joann's and like I said, I saw the book at Target with some of the molds.- creative uses for brownies.  Great way to have an easy-to-make but fun treats for all sorts of occasions.- there are suggestions for b'day's, sports, holidays, gifts...CONS:- You need to buy the molds or supplies to make any of special shapes so it's an investment up front.  Once you have them it's all about Brownie Fun!I think this book is a great resource (or a fun gift!) for any parent or person who likes to bake and be creative.", 'Cake decorating has always been a hoby for me.  This book is excellent for us self taught decorators.  The pictures and how-to steps are great', "I ordered this lesson plan because I took the first two courses of Wilton's Cake Decorating, and I didn't want to sign up for the 3rd course only because I didn't want to spend so much money for the classes. So I bought the kit in Michaels figuring I would teach myself but this time the lesson plan wasn't included in kit like the first 2 kits were. This lesson plan is great and if you have some experience with working with fondant and gum paste this will be a piece of cake for you, no pun intended. But this definitely isn't for a beginner.", 'It is a basic book for beginners and it is easy to understand.  It has a lot of ideas and I recommend it.', 'The Book is very easy to read and follow it breaks down working with fondant and Gum Paste very Simple', 'I loved all the information I found in this book, very good ideas and pictures I recommend it to new beginners', 'Great set of lesson plans. I am thoroughly enjoying being able to learn at my own pace. Also, not ordering next book until I finish each book. Very motivating and thoroughly entertaining to all who are subjected to guessing what I actually made. LOL.', "I love Wilton books they are always so attractive and enjoyable to browse through. I do believe over the years they have reduced the contents so you don't get to see as many examples of lovely cakes as the first books I bought back in the 70's. Still I have learned so much about cake decorating from them.", 'It is very useful if you want to do flowers mostly.I was expecting more than just some pages, maybe I got it wrong but it is useful.', 'I love love love this book!! Not only does it give you ideas on how to decorate and what colors go good together ...it also shows how to make the decorations.', 'GREAT FOR BEGINING!! has all the things you need there are very few things i dont use from this kit !! would recommend!', "I love everything of Wilton's. I bought this book to find out that I have the same one with just a different cover! But, it had a couple more ideas that I didn't have, great book, very simple to follow.", "This is more of a packing review than a review of product.  The book does what it's intended to do. However it came all folded up the packing was real bad the book is folded vertically and horizontally!!!! I bought it because the store I go to was out of it. It came in 24 hours so I was grateful for that. Again the packing was BAD!", 'This book is great for beginner fondant makers.  I was able to follow the instructions and tips and they helped a lot.', 'Was exactly as stated. Very pleased with my purchase. Will order the rest of  the set. Great product. Very useful.', 'i learned how to make butter cream roses out of this book, very nice step by step instructions, easy to follow.', 'This book is amazing! I love how Wilton publishes books for every stage of baking! This book is a must have for beginers!', 'I was a little disappointed in this book when I first got it. Since all you see on the cover is some "clown" cupcakes using the silly-feet baking cups (which I also purchased) I was expecting more uses of the silly-feet (I counted five), but it really covers whimsical cupcakes of all sorts, many of which would be suitable to make with children (easy to make).It\'s really just an idea book and a catalog of Wilton products and what you can do with them. There is a helpful section called "The Perfect Cupcakes; How to bake, ice and decorate", and there are about six pages of recipes. Most cupcake instructions are from 1/8 to 1/2 page long, right next to a big, clear picture.After getting over the "it wasn\'t what I expected" part of receiving this book, and seeing that my boyfriend seems rather enthusiastic about making really whimsical cupcakes and loves the silly-feet, I like this book more and more. Just don\'t expect anything sophisticated looking in it OR that many silly-feet ideas. If you are familiar with the typical adverbook that Wilton puts out, you shouldn\'t find any surprises here, and some of the recipes, which are a blend of from-a-mix and from-scratch, for the most part look very tempting.There are six pages of really cute Halloween cupcakes, including a vampire in a coffin, and some skeletons/ghosts/tombstones.', 'I had gotten all the other Wilton books so I cld teach myself how to these decoration ideas and lets just say that these books helped me so much.', "I bought this and the 2012 a the same time, only to realise half the book has the same info. It's more a catalog than a book of ideas. It does have some picture but it is basically the same as the 2012 year. It has a couple of recipes, but the are the same on both the yearbooks.I bought it because I wanted to learn how to make things with a step-by-step guide. It is not that.", 'I purchased the Wilton Course 1 guide a few weeks before I took my class, I found the book very easy to follow and easy to understand.  The only regret i had was my copy was different than the one handed out in class; the page numbers were different and it slowed me down a bit.', "Maybe this one was an earlier print, but my classmates and instructor's course booklets were a few pages different.No biggie though. Same material.", "This lesson plan is a great companion to the Wilton decorating classes. I personally took the other 2 levels of classes in the series, but couldn't fit this one into my schedule, so I bought this lesson plan and theWilton Flowers and Cake Design Student Kitthinking I could learn on my own. I would consider myself an intermediate level decorator, and very good at self-study on many topics. But there were still some things in this book that it would be helpful to watch someone else do instead of teaching yourself - fortunately there are plenty of videos on the internet that helped me get through this. Overall, this is a great guide to decorating, but be prepared to do a little more searching on your own if you want to learn to perfect everything.", 'This book was recommended by my cake decorating instructor. If you want to get started on cake decorating this is the book for you!', "I have never been a good cake decorator. It has always been just out of reach. This book made me say &#34;duh&#34; in my head so many times it's embarrassing. It really breaks it down and simplifies some of the basic techniques for noobies (like myself).", 'Lots of interesting and helpful information for a beginner.  My daughter loves to bake and this will give her a opportunity to create much more.  Thank you!', 'Easy to follow even for a clutz like me! Very informative and the instructions are straight forward. Im new to cake decorating so I have really enjoyed this book.', "I bought this because I haven't found time to take the class and found it's pretty easy to follow along and teach yourself everything in the book. There is step by step instructions for different designs and ideas and lots of hints and tricks for working with fondant and gumpaste.", 'Bought this book when I was hyped up and excited about baking and decorating cakes.  Although the designs are very outdated, it is very informative and I enjoy taking it out to view on occasion.', 'I bought this for my daughter.  She likes to do cupcakes for parties.  She said it has good instructions and pictures and was helpful.', "I absolutely love this book! Before purchasing, I found myself gathering bits and pieces of information from the wilton site to make the flowers and borders that I wanted, but this book puts them all together neatly without leaving anything out. I recently purchased Colette's Cakes which is also wonderful, but so much of it is advanced, and I'm just not there. I only decorate for fun. This book sticks to basics which, for me, is essential to focus. If I see to much detail I tend to become frustrated and over anxious. Then I end up giving up. So, with this book I can actually follow the process and learn step by step without the frustration.The only small disappointment was the weight of the cover. The paper is a bit thin and will need some support or will probably not hold up very well. Nothing a little clear contact paper can't cure though, so no big deal.", "I've always loved cake decorating, ever since I took my first Wilton class.  Gum Paste and Fondant seemed beyond my capabilities but when I saw this book I decided to give it a try.  The book is very easy to follow with lots of step by step pictures.  It's a lot of fun but, I admit, a bit frustrating.  No matter how closely I follow the steps, my creations never turn out exactly like the pictures.  I think part of the problem is that I'm a perfectionist at heart but....grrrr.....I can't fault the book, as all Wilton Lesson Plans, it's great.", 'THIS WAS EYE CATCHING AND WHEN I ORDERED IT I KNEW I HAD TO HAVE IT. IT IS QUITE HELPFUL', "I learned a few tricks from this book. I am new to baking nice looking stuff. This helped me become a better decorator and got courses 2,3 and 4 as well. I wouldn't have picked anything else. Wilton hasn't disappointed me yet.", "Took class years ago, using this as a refresher before starting a cake. Sometimes a video is faster than a book. Happy with Wilton items. Came fast .Stores don't carry video.", 'Itr was fine  I was hoping for more  but it was as promisedI was purchased as a gift and they enjoy it', "This  book is good for some one that has taken the Wilton class it has some useful  Tips  not really what I wanted yet it's not bad it can be useful", 'What a great book to help you get started on learning to decorate cakes. Very usful! Highly recommend buying this!', "If you've ever looked through a Wilton year book and said &#34;I want to make that cake&#34; then you need this pattern book too!  This book includes patterns for many of the cakes in the yearbook.", 'I am trying my best to get into FONDANT and THIS book has motivated me to try harder and harder.  It has already paid for itself and has brought me back into the world of making family cakes as opposed to spending a TON at the Bakery!  THANK YOU for a wonderful book!', 'This short-but-sweet (ha) book gives all the basic information you need to get started with cake decorating.  It shows how to make a number of shapes with the icing, an icing recipe, and has lots of helpful illustrations.  Between this book and how-to videos found online, you could probably get enough information to be able to make pretty cakes without having to attend lessons.', 'Good guide for beginners.  Helpful resource.  Clear pictures and instructions.  If you can learn from just looking at a page on a book with a few written details, it will teach you without expensive classes.  But if you are using in addition to the class, all good too.  Keep it handy to look back at once in a while as a resource.', "I got this book for my daughter as the local craft store wouldn't let her take this class unless she took the other two first which she doesn't need. The book is full of color pictures so very well illustrated and the directions are clear and easy to follow. I also bought the class kit to go with it and it works great. would recommend for people wanting to learn how to do this on their own at home without a class.", "I needed this for my third Wilton's class, and it was cheaper on Amazon.com than in the store. It's part of the curriculum, so it's required. Whether it is good for skill development or not, I take my classes very seriously, and get alot out of them. I also believe in checking prices everywhere for the class supplies. Amazon was cheapest, and I received it in 2 days, free shipping, Amazon prime.", "I really like all the helpful information in this book. It even has a recipe to make your own buttercream icing. I'm glad I purchased this item on amazon.com", 'This is a small simple book but tons of basic information on baking. I really loved the graphs regarding the piping tips - I have so many of them but never knew what exactly do they do. So that was really nice to figure out everything on the chart with the pipe tip number!', 'This "book" is more like a brochure.. or one of those checkout cookbooks. It does have some basic tips in it but I surely wouldn\'t pay more than $5 for it!!', "I'm not expert baker but, the video was very basic. I want to learn how to decorate a cakeand I think they focused to much on the basics then teaching how to actually decorate the cakeand maybe show more examples of her decorating. not bad, but if you are looking for something more advance onactually decorating a cake. this is not for you. but if you are new to baking, this is perfect for you!", 'This is an ok book for a new cake decorator. It recovers a lot of the stuff already covered in the instruction booklets (beginning cake decorating and flowers and borders) and gives some full cake ideas.I like the instructions and have been using them as a supplement to the instruction books to have ideas of decorations to practice. However, the cakes themselves are nothing super exciting.This is the sort of book you buy when you\'re starting out and use until you have the skills down pretty well - then you would probably never use it again. I just can\'t see myself pulling this book out for "cake decorating ideas" when there are so many better idea books out there.Honestly, if you weren\'t getting this on a 4-for-3 promotion or it was on sale for about 10 bucks I wouldn\'t bother with it.', 'I really like the Wilton Method courses. I do have some background in cake design, but this really helped me take it all to the next level. I still need lots of practice with flowers so this is perfect for me. I would have liked a few more tips and a bit more direction, but on the whole it was worth the money.', "Note, this is a small booklet..not a book. It's maybe 6 inches tall by 4 inches wide and about 15 pages. The pages are in color.It's not bad but I would not pay more than $3 for it.", 'I use to cake decorate as a kid in 4H, this book was a great refresher. Helps me make gorgeous cupcakes for friends and family.', "This book shows you how to decorate different items. It explains the in's and outs of doing it.  Covers how to do different items.", 'THis book has been real helpful to my daughter.  She is just starting out and has made some really good flowers with this book.  A must if your into deco-ing.', 'This product is of great quality. The product was very easy to use and it will have you making some beautiful decorations of flowers and other decorations. I highly recommend this seller for their speedy and excellent product.', 'I purchased this book without taking the course. Cake decorating classes in my area are almost nonexistent so I have to be self taught. Lots of pictures and detailed instructions will guide you through the beginning of cake decorating.', 'I have almost every Wilton Yearbook since 1977. I still use them and review the back issues frequently for ideas. I do do not like the newer issues as much because I do not care for fondant, so I love the older books.', "On the whole, I like this book very much. I have to say, however, that some of the instructions in it were contradicted by our instructor and she said she was instructed by Wilton to do so. I certainly felt that her way was better and, since it involves such basic instructions, I wanted to share it with you.For all the projects in this book other than covering the cake base and the cake itself--that is to say all the flowers, the bow, the leaves, and the borders along the bottom--wherever it says to use just gum paste, you should use a 1/2 gum paste and 1/2 fondant mix. Sure enough, it made it easier to do everything, there was less hardening and bumps, and everything looked prettier. (I had previously worked with gum paste on my own and wish I'd known this).Another thing that I noticed is that, in some cases, (especially the bow) the final product would have looked MUCH nicer if we'd made them thinner rather than as instructed in the booklet. It may be that, since this is an introductory course to forming decorations by sculpting rather than by piping, maybe they thought that thinner would have been harder to work with.But, all in all, it's a very nice reference (as well as an effective advertisement for countless Wilton products!)", "great book, so many fun ideas..can't wait to get startedgreat product, fast shipping.I love the Wilton books and will keep buying them", "with four kids I'm really getting into doing their own cakes for their birthdays.... along with doing some side work... this book is awesome for ideas!!!", 'Easy to understand, great tips.  Learned alot and looking forward to creating the wonderful creations they show on the book.', 'Bag tore with almost nothing in it - Just caught the corner of a small cracker box and that was that. Pretty disappointed.', 'Nice quality bag! Vibrant colors. Worth it!', "I'm a Star Wars fan and I bought this with the intention of using it for groceries but it turned into my new diaper bag. It's huge! I can fit everything i need in it where before I had my diaper bag and another bag and my purse. It has started to come apart on the side but I can sew it or order a new one it's so cheap. I am sure the intended purpose isn't for it to be used as a diaper bag daily but it works and I have gotten compliments on it even! It goes great with my Star Wars Vans too :D", "It is perfect! I am using this bag as a gift bag for a guy's baby shower who is a die hard Star Wars fan! He will be able to use it after for carrying toys or whatever! Mini diaper bag even. Very pleased!", 'I got this for my bf and he loves it. The stitches on the sides failed so I had to re-stitch it. That held well but then the plastic lining on the sides ripped. My bf used it daily for several months before I had to replace it. Overall a good product but wish it was better made.', 'This makes a great reusuable gift bag for the Star Wars Fan. Well made and fun design for fans of the original movie.', 'These are really cute, for the pattern. I have bought a few of these to carry birthday presents for my kids friends. They are good for lightweight use, and the Star Wars design is adorable. But as far as grocery store use / everyday use, they are not that strong of bags. TRU sells them around $3-4 each and they are just about as good enough for carrying light stuff and toys, but no heavy use or day to day use here.', 'Your typical reusable grocery store type bag. The art work is nice and the print is very clear. My son loves it.', 'I love my spell check. It is easy to use & works very well. I like the auto turn off so you dont run your battery out. The only drawback is that the buttons are very small. I would love to have the same product with bigger buttons. I would defiantly recommend this product.', "a good multi-function product. it replaced a franklin spelling corrector i had  since 1989.i don't like the plastic case. it is very difficult to open. i broke a fingernail trying to open it.i purchased the new corrector because the characters were more readable than the older model's characters.", "It's a must for report writting. It has ten thousand words in it's data base. It's small and compact. Good price too.", 'I did sloppy shopping. This machine is exactly what the name says it is - a speller. I wanted definitions, OH, that would be a dictionary! I ordered a dictionary an I am happy - except the voice is scratchy. Life is not perfect.gg', "This was bought for my 3rd grader to use in class to check on some of the more tricky spellings--and it gets used a lot! It is not too big, not too small and the buttons are just right for small hands. It's quick to check things and it also stores all her friends' phone numbers, etc. The calculator is very useful too. Fun and easy to use, there are more and more of them appearing in the classroom now.", 'Works well but wish the display was just a bit larger. For the money it does what I want and I would buy it again.', 'I used to date this girl who loved Scrabble.  So, by association, I had to as well!  We used to play a lot - even with her Grandmother.  What they did, however, was "cheat".  We had one of these - this same Franklin Spelling Corrector you see here (an older model but same nonetheless) and you each of us was allowed to use it to come up with all kinds of crazy words.  I thought this was a dumb way to play Scrabble, at first, but then I came to love it.  If you\'re all "cheating", then it becomes a different game - the strategy changes.  We had a lot of fun.  Too bad I had to dump her for being utterly insane! (I\'m sure she was bipolar-scitzophrenic or some variant thereof).  I kept the Franklin Spelling Corrector!  Still have it to this day!', 'It works fine. The cover fell off after a few months. But it still works fine and was a good buy.', 'Not good for large fingers. Demo must be cleared every time you turn it on. Slow if input is incorrect & may require a crazy input to get proper spelling. It does work however. Worth $15 or less.', "The spell corrector does the job at a low cost, and does it far better than more expensive Franklin's.I don't see where age has anything to do with who uses this spell corrector.IT IS GOOD FOR ALL AGES!The only draw back is that you have to unscrew the back cover and pry itoff to replace the battery.", "If you type the wrong word in, it &#34;might&#34; produce the correct word.  It doesn't give any explanation of the meaning or how it can be used. I should have sent it bk., but I factored in the cost of return shipping - wasn't worth the return.", 'This one seems to be made better than my Seiko spell check. I like the cover on it as well.  SW', 'If you are a crossword addict you need this product.  The best on the market.Z', 'Marveling over this just arrived Spell Checker !! Three words already in less than twenty minutes !! Stylus or finger nails for this very light cell phone size cutie !! Quarter inch read out is way easy for the eye !! And to use too !! Starting, hopefully, into a happy future together !! Thank You !!!!', 'It works for my daughter, accurately finding words that she has no clue how to spell (e.g., "becuz" immediately found "because").  The one that arrived was black; she and I would have preferred the blue that was pictured.', 'I love to do crossword puzzles and this is a fun product to help me find or figure out those impossible clues. Yeah I know you can cheat and check out online answers but I prefer to challenge my grey matter.  I had one of these for years before it finally died (even with replacing battery it stopped working properly/easily). Hope it lasts again!', 'This was perfect for propping up textbooks so that I could take notes. This is a must-have for any student!', 'This book stand is highly adjustable and functional. It works great for most moderately sized hardcovers and paperbacks. For overtly thick professional books you may have to consider The Easi-Reader Bookstand which is much studier.', 'Holds my law books up perfectly! The stand Also allows you to turn the pages for easy reading and use.', "Had my doubts that this would hold a 300 page paper back book because it's kinda thick and therefore stiff... NO Problem and the adjustable part of this holder is that the two parts that actually hold the book swivel so you can move them in or out to accommodate the size of book.... SIMPLE  BIG BOOK or small book it holds them all and the design allows for easy page turning.  I am using it to take notes for study.  Bought a much bigger holder at twice the expense and returned it... could not turn the pages.  This is a winner", 'This is a very versatile book stand that is easy to carry around and easy to store. It is ideal for smaller books and for those readers who don\'t need variety of reading angles. However, it can accommodate larger books as long as you are a bit careful how you use it. In addition to books, it works really well with a variety of electronic book readers and the new generation of tablet computers. I\'ve used it with myKindle Wireless Reading Device (6" Display, Global Wireless, Latest Generation)and iPad. In fact, when I was looking for an inexpensive way of propping up my iPad so that it doesn\'t lay flat on the table I settled for this option and so far it is working perfectly for me. In fact, I am writing this review on iPad that is propped up with it.The only problem that I have with it is the manufacturing quality. The first holder that I bought broke after a few months of use. I still went ahead and bought a new one because I feel that its many advantages far outweigh this shortcoming, and hopefully if I am a bit more careful with how I store it and handle it it may last longer this time around.', 'This thing rocks. It will hold your book where your want it to be. It will save your neck and keep you hands free to take notes or whatever as you read. It is super lightweight and convenient. I just keep it in my backpack at all times. It handles my 1000 page law books, so no worries in that department. The price is right. I see other people clunking around those huge, expensive wood book stands. This is way better. Go with this.', "I'm very disappointed in this device. It's basically just a coat hanger with two plastic guides.  The only thing it has going for it is portability.  It can only hold regular sized hard covered books. Forget about any size paperback, it will not work. Even hard cover books are nearly impossible to align correctly and they slip and slump in all kinds of odd positions.  Then you have to completely remove the book from the stand every time you need to turn a page and try to realign it all over again.  I tried with over 10 textbooks and it didn't do well with any of them.  For home reading I'm going to buy and suggest you buy a more substantial stand. The only reason to keep it is to slip in a backpack and take with you and hope you have the desk space wherever you take it to use it.", "Want to pay upward of $50 for a thing to hold your Kindle while you read a recipe from it in the kitchen?I didn't either.So I bought this very simple, very inexpensive book holder.  And guess what?  Somehow it doesn't seem to recognize that the Kindle is NOT a book and can be easily tricked into holding a Kindle in much the same fashion as it would an actual book!!!!  Go figure.", "I bought one for myself and everybody that sees it loves it.  I love it too.  It's very light and easy to carry around.  I like mine so much, I bought extra ones to give as Christmas present to my mom and other family members.", 'Holds even my Big study Bible well, and let me write my notes below it.  Great for Students.Looks too small to support a big book, but it does, and folds up light into my backpack', "A good cookbook holder is a necessity for people who really cook as it keeps the book from falling off the counter, gives you more working space, and keeps drips and spills from soiling the pages.  I've used plate holders and even copy stands from the stationary store in the past, but this is the Real McCoy.  Very nice cookbook holder.  Good quality.  Even holds Joy of Cooking.  I'm glad I finally invested in one.", 'Quite steady when used with a medium to large size book. For small softcover I would use something else though!', "I use this for everything from propping up cookbooks in the kitchen to reading hardcovers at my desk while eating my lunch.  Most recently I've been using it for my Kindle 2.  Works great for everything, but a little tricky for some paperbacks because they slip around a little bit.  It does work best with the average-sized hardcover (think novel- sized).  Folds up nice and fits well in a drawer or in the front pocket of my backpack.  Definitely a handy thing to have around.", "Excellent product.  Efficient (including wide enough) for it's use.  Sturdy while not impeding the process of actually reading/viewing the book.", "This is a really convenient book stand if you like to read outside of home and don't have larger books. If you don't necessarily need the portability or if you have large/tall textbooks I would suggest you look at something more study as this tends to tip over/make indentations on the bottom of pages for those books. Also you can increase the height of the stand by pulling  up part of the metal frame, but even with doing this it doesn't really support larger books well enough to easily highlight.", "This mug is fantastic, it washes well, has a good weight, and can double as a nifty negotiation tool.  After all, who messes with a guy who has brass knuckles on his coffee mug?  Anyway, my husband has big hands and he says the knuckles are comfortable and easy to grip.  It arrived quickly and well packaged.  It's a winner, you won't be disappointed.", "I've been eying this cup for awhile now and finally broke down and purchased it. I took a chance and ordered one of the 'used' models (it hadn't been opened but the box had a little damage.) The cup was in perfect, pristine condition and was only $6 shipped. My husband also likes it but his fingers are far too big to fit in the holes (I have pretty small hands and they are snug in it.)", 'Great concept but finger holes seriosly too small.', "I'm very disappointed with this purchase. The quality of the product is low, the paint is uneven and the bottom of the cup is cheeped.", 'I bought this for my boyfriend and he just loved it!It was really good quality for the money.Very cool mug.', 'Almost works like it is supposed to. The finger holes are a little small and hard to release the cup if you use all 4 holes. Just use the top two  and the large hole with three fingers and it works great. Good Quality. I would Recommend this item. Great Price and fast shipping.', 'used it to make mini PB & J sandwiches for my 2 year old niece, havent used for cookies yet but am going to do so in a couple days, ordered the bigger mickey mouse for sandwiches cause this one was small, you dont realize how small 2 inches is till you cut out the shape', "I purchased this for my son's first birthday and the theme is mickey and it will make great fun mickey shaped cookies and fruit shaped Mickey's. Was a little smaller then expected but over all good product, durable and very cute.", "This is as described but for some reason, I was still expecting it to be a little larger. I purchased it with the intention of using it when making my daughter's lunch - cutting cheese slices, sandwiches, cucumbers, etc.  It's the perfect size for what I wanted.  You could also use it as a form for making pancakes, etc but they would be very small!  I wouldn't use it as a cookie cutter but my family makes double the size of the average cookie.  Maybe for mini cookies this would work...", "This cookie cutter is perfect for use with fondant and making impressions in buttercream icing to be traced over. At first it seemed off, meaning it was lopsided when placed on the table, but I was able to straighten that out. I received it super fast considering it came from across the country!  Overall, I'm pleased with the item and the seller.", "I like this.  It's a little small but  that's OK (keeps  one from overeating too many cookies.  Seems very solid and Ithink it will last. Came faster then  they said it would.", 'so cute but super small. Just pay close attention to the measurment. Have not yet used it but the cookies are sure to be micro.', 'I really like these ice trays, because they for one have a cover and therefore prevents any freezer odors from getting in. Also, they stack nicely on top of one another. Another thing I like is the Purple color lids. I would definitely recommend these to my friends.', "I was leery about spending tis much for the Tupperware brand name product, but I wanted to upgrade to covered ice cube trays for use in our RV and didn't feel comfortable with some of the negative reviews I read of lower cost brands (mainly the plastic cracking after a few months use).  Now that I've been using these for several weeks I'm thrilled at the fit, finish, and quality of the Tupperware product and feel the extra cost is worth it.  The best part is no more spilled water when loading the trays into the tiny freezer in our RV!  I've already gotten tossed out the original open plastic ice cube trays which were just aggravating.", "I don't use many ice cubes, and they would evaporate form the tray before I used any. But every once in a while I do need some, and they would be gone.With the tops on these trays, the ice cubes last many times longer. Maybe two years or more.", 'When I first discovered this Tupperware ice cube tray, I was delighted. The ice stays large even with a frost free refrigerator. The cube compartments are easy to fill with the hole in the lid and as you walk to the freezer the cover prevents spilling.The MOST CRITICAL aspect is taste and smell. Since there is a lid, the ice never has a smell or taste even if you have frozen fish in the freezer like I usually do. I have four of these ice cube trays because we live in Hawaii where it is always hot and we constantly need ice for our drinks.Since I first discovered these ice cube trays I have never used the kind with no lid. These are by far better and less messy.', "Finally...ice cube trays with covers that really work! These are great...there's nothing like fresh, clean, great tasting ice! I...like many other reviewers do not use the pop top to fill these, I find it's easier to fill these the old fashioned way. They do work very well and a little water on the bottom pops them right out! A great product!", "These ice trays are awesome!  Highly recommend!!  Keeps ice contained and fresh!!!  Definitely worth purchasing even if they cost a little more than other brands.  I have used the same ones for over 10 years and they still aren't showing any signs of wear.  Good quality!", 'I purchased these to freeze baby puree and they work great. With the covers, the puree will not be contaminated by other odors in the freezer. The cubes come out easily too, just need a twist by holding both ends of the tray and they will loosen up.', "I prefer these citrus peelers to using a knife to peel oranges and grapefruit. It's safer and easier to pack in a lunchbox. These disappear in my house the way socks do, so I'm glad to have a half dozen of them.", "I like the handle length on these and the added bonas of not having to use my nails for the pith removal. I have had the finger ring style, Already gave 2 away, Hope I don't loose them in DW.", 'i\'m 40 and i remember my mom having one of these.  it was a very stiff plastic.  these are very "bendy".  probably will search for something else.', 'Months later we are still using this inexpensive set of citrus peelers to help kids peel their oranges in our school lunchroom.  Good purchase!', 'These are great - like we used to get at parties but different colors. These are handy items so I was glad to find them. They were a fun item for our Christmas stockings.', 'I needed just one more of these but this set was too good to pass up. I like having more that one color too.', "This allows me to score an orange before slicing off the rind to make perfect garnishes for mixed drinks. Damn, I never had such perfect Old Fashioned until now.Also will unzip the skin of an orange so you can eat it, not just add it's skin to adult beverages.", 'Sure does save on the fingernails when I peel my oranges with this handy little gadget and love not have to go to a party to get it, Thank you Amazon.', 'if you have never used one of these to peel an orange or any citrus you do not know what you are missing. they last for ever and work every time', 'I always seem to lose my orange peeler.  Was good to buy more, but was very disappointed at the lack of color in what I purchased, several back and a couple of ble in the set of six.  Good product but when all colors are shown, that is what I thought I was buying', 'this item was ok just as I expected I wish you didnt have to comment here on every thing, one two three four five six seven', "These do what I expect them to do, which is to provide an excellent seal and be durable. A little pricey but can't argue for the quality.", 'These Tupperware Smidgets hold approximately 1-ounce. They are useful for storing small objects such as buttons, beads, scrapbooking items, paperclips, and similar items. At Tupperware parties, the Hostess recommends running the lids under hot water to loosen them up so they fit easily. If you do this, then they work well for carrying aspirin or vitamins.', "I had looked high and low for a 1 ounce souffle cup and lid set for our lunchboxes.  The only ones I could find were disposable, and I strive to make our lunches completely trash free.  (See some of my other reviews)The Smidgets are the perfect size for salad dressings, little candy treats or marshmallows, raisins, nuts...if it's little, it flies!  You'll love them.  I followed the tip from another Amazon reviewer and boiled them for 1 minute then re-sealed them while they are still hot to make the lids easier to take on and off.  Worked like a charm.", "I take vitamins. Most containers aren't big enough to hold them. These are perfect.* They have plenty of room - I don't have to methodically arrange my vitamins to allow the lid to close. I estimate these will hold around 20 big vitamins. 9/9/11 Update: I just attached an image showing this with 16 vitamins. I think it would hold 20 if you work at it. With 16, I can just drop them in and pop the lid on.* They are compact enough to fit into a jeans pocket.Yep, the lid is hard to get off the first couple of times. No worries after that. The bonus is that a snug lid means I don't worry about them opening and spilling my vitamins. Nice!My daughter loves these in her purse, too.The uses are practically endless (aspirin, gum, paper clips, skittles :)HIGHLY Recommended!", "My Kids love pickles. With this container they can get them any time and I don't have to worry about them dropping the glass jar. There isn't juice splattered. It's great to carry on picnics or to the lake.", "very convenient, draining feature is great & goodcapacity. if only it wasn't colored so you could see the contents a little better & know what wasin there. i have a bunch of these in my fridge, & it's always trial and error findng the olives, pickles, sundried tomatoes  artichokes. i get there in the end, but if you could see the contents better, cooking would be faster!", "No more using silverware and/or fingers to get pickles out of the jar!  This 8 cup container by Tupperware is very durable!  It'll hold an entire 64oz jar of pickles!  I absolutely love this container!", "I remember my mom having one of these when I was a child - over 35+ years ago! I knew what I wanted and was THRILLED to have found the EXACT product I desired at a price that was reasonable. The color isn't important but function is. It holds jalepeno peppers and make it easy to access them - 'cause the jars are not user friendly!", 'Works great for storing anything you need to keep submerged in liquid in the fridge.  I typically use mine to store celery in water.', "Here in Penna. we make pickled eggs, also known here as red beet eggs.  I use this container for that.  The square shape makes it fit neatly in the back corner of my fridge.  The lid fits well; the strainer is sturdy.  I've had mine for five to ten years, and it is still good as new.  I just bought one for my mother.  She had her red beets eggs in a jar, which cracked spilling red juice all over the bottom of her firidge.  I have used mine to store asparagus with the ends in water to keep it fresh.  I think this would also work to marinate a few pieces of chicken.  I also know someone who uses hers, without the strainer, to store brown sugar.  So, it is a multi-purpose container.", "HAD ONE OF THESE FOR YEARS AND LOVED IT; LOST IT SOMEWHERE, AND DIDN'T REALIZE HOW MUCH I MISSED USING IT;MAKES SERVING PICKLES SO MUCH EASIER AND NO MESS;PRODUCT IS VERY WELL MADE AND SO STURDY; SUCH A WELCOME ADDITION TO MY KITCHEN;", 'This container is larger than the one that I had previously. It will hold a 1/2 gallon of home made pickles with the liquid easily. Keeps them fresh and makes it easy to get your pickles out instead of having to leave them in the jar they were canned in', 'Great set to start with or to fill in the gaps. No frill, and no damage after months of use. Very flat looking and simple.', "Not bad for the price. I like the three pronged forks; it's fun and different. These are good for the price.", 'yes overpriced perhaps at amazon.  off course its cheap but they work.  i  spend less money on flatware and it gives me more money to buy food and cram in my mouth. i like it', 'These are good because they are inexpensive, but they are not the most aesthetically pleasing and are very light weight.', "The small spoon is too small. The bigger spoon is too big. Neither of them are true &#34;teaspoon&#34; size spoons. The flatware is very thin so the knife really has no cutting power (even for a butter knife) behind it. HOWEVER, for the price I paid, I can't expect anything else. They are pretty stylish at a glance but if you're looking to do anything that requires a durable utensil, this isn't the one you want.", 'You most definitely get what you pay for, these are very cheap and have already started to show signs of rusting after just a couple of months.  Also look carefully at the fork and knife, they are shaped quite differently than a regular set.  The fork also bends pretty easily which is not good when trying to eat a steak.  The spoons are also very disproportionate if you look at the little spoon it is way smaller than it appears in the picture.  I hate to say it but I was not impressed with Ikea in this case. I had to buy a whole new set to replace this one.', 'I was hoping these cups would a little taller but they are perfect for my son so we are still very happy with them. I am still on the hunt for taller cups in these colors since I purchased the bowls and plates that match. Those are also a bit smaller than expected and work great for my son but they also do well for the adults.', 'perfect for my three year old triplets.  we have the bowls, cups, and plates from ikea and love them all', 'These are perfect for my home daycare,  perfect size for little hands,  compact to store,  and do great in the dishwasher multiple times a day!!  Get em!!', "I really love these. They are a great quality, perfect size, and the thicker weight of the plastic makes them feel just right when holding them. The lip/edge is curved enough so it doesn't feel sharp. They also have a pretty wide base, which I imagine helps them tip over less. My 2 year old does good with them, and I like to drink juice out of them as well.", "I was hoping these would be more like the size of the &#34;rocks&#34; glasses (wider diameter), because I wanted them to be less likely to be accidentally tipped over.  These don't quite make the dimension, and are a bit smaller than I was hoping for.  However, I love the colors, and haven't had a problem with spilling yet.  This is the double set, so you get two of each color for a total of 12 cups.", 'Perfect for bathrooms.  They are unbreakable and lovely.  Perfect for children.  They are also colorful and small.  They are not very translucent, if that matters.', 'I ordered these to go with the plates and am very pleased that they are exactly 8 oz as I monitor the amount of liquid I consume each day and I love the colors even if I am a senior citizen.', "These are great to bring up to the pool since they are plastic. They are small, but perfect size for a glass of red wine or any drink.  They are definitely &#34;kid cups&#34; but suitable for adult drinks as well.  I'm a fan.", 'Little hands will love these.  (ages 2-8)  Bigger kids are okay, but they really work size wise for the young kids.', "I was doubtful about getting two sets of these, but I am glad I did.  They are just right for children.  They don't hold all that much fluid so if there is a spill...and there is ALWAYS a spill...it isn't so bad.  I put them in the dishwasher on the top shelf.  They've been holding up well.  We've had a couple left in weird places that ended up holding science experiments but they washed up just fine. Get them.  They're terrific for families.", "these were just perfect for my kids.  they love them.  they are the perfect size for kids to they don't get to much of whatever they are drinking", 'Perfect for 2- and 3-year old hands.  They wash nicely in the dishwasher, and the colors are vibrant.  I like them very much.', 'You get 12 small tumblers in this order, they are just as they appear in the picture. They are sturdy, IKEA quality, they will last years. I like the matte texture that acts as a grip agent on the bottom half of each cup.', 'They are cups.  There are 12 of them, they are nice and durable, I was able to write on them in permanent marker with no problem so the kids knew which cup was theirs.  They are not BIG cups, but that is actually perfect for my students.', "With grandchildren, this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional.  These are the perfect size for juice, water for taking medicine with, or when you don't want them to have too much of a good thing.  I bought two sets and had my daughter take one home for their use at home.  Love them.", "We bought these before and have lost them over the last year or so. I reordered because I trust these cups.Easy wash, comes out of the dishwasher without being tweaked by the heat. Good size for children's hands under age 8 and holds enough to satisfy a child's thirst. The ribbed bottom helps prevent slipping through little fingers too.Overall, really like this product!", 'I was looking for tumblers to replace the use of paper cups in the bathroom.  Unfortunately, these were a bit too small for what I had intended.  They appear to be well made and were helpful when I had visitors with little kids.', 'with 6 grandchildren, these are perfect and easy to find in the grass:)  They are sturdy and just the right size for little hands.', "We assigned each family member a color, and purchased 3 sets.  They are wonderful, and they don't tip over due to the proper design of the weight distribution of the liquid. However, they were smaller than I expected.  For any person over 6, you need to drink 2 cups of water to feel like you had one cup.", 'The metal is a little more thin than I imagined but it is cute. Easily bendable, it can become hard to close, but it can be bent back into position.', "While this is a cute tin box (and I used it to hold mini-muffins at at baby shower), it isn't meant to be used.  Would look cute as a decoration in a baby's room or to hold all those crayon's for an older child.", "Got this for my daughter for Christmas (2 year old) and she loves it.  She's at the age where putting things in to boxes and taking them out can occupy her for some time.  She loves putting little treasures in here and taking them all over the place.  The size of the box is like that of a metal lunch box.  Big enough for a toddler.  We haven't had any problems with it and it is quite durable for a play date.", 'I like it, but the material it was made can bend easily.  My son love it it match with his collection.', "My son is a huge Curious George fan and one of his favorite stories is the one where Curious George Rides a Bike. So, it couldn't be a better lunch box for him. He loves it!", 'Bought this because the ratings were high.  My grandson loves Curious George and he like to carry things like this around.  I think he will love and and put some of his animals and other things in it.', "I got this so I am able to carry snacks on the weekends. We are never home so when I saw this I had to get this. First our toddler loves curious George and second it was just darling. Item looked just like picture. Best part so easy to clean with just a wipe. It's perfect in size not too big or small. Perfect for on the go.", 'Kids are really into Curious George so they love this tin box to keep all their &#34;stuff&#34; inside.  It works great.', 'The box is really pretty, with its vintage style and its embossed scenes. The problem is that the metal is extremely thin, so the box gets deformed incredibly easy, and the paint job scratches in seconds. So, it is wonderful to look at, but not at all resistant.', "were expecting . 1st off let me say this , it's made in China . It's smaller than your average lunch box and has no lil' drink bottle inside  either . Also the latch is plastic and although it's holding i've got my doubts as to it's longevity for my grandson . The box itself is however tin and although i like that it's metal , it's unbelievable thing metal and poorly hinged with simple folded over tangs or flaps as i'd call em that link it to the other and that's for sure not all that secure . As for the pro's or positives to this lil' box , it's Curious George and all kids love or loved his cute lil' monkey shennanigans at some point and time . The artwork is pretty well done and seemingly durable thus far . The price of course was a plus and sadly i'm realizing that we've got what we've paid for ...", 'Can\'t chop anything well.  [Tried onions, tomatoes, celery, olives, nuts, and many other items.]  Tried 2, 4, and 8-oz loads.  Tried 1/8, 1/4, 1/2 cup loads.All you get is half mush and the other half "as is".I think it could "mix" 1/4 cup of cooked rice with a 1/2 cup of water ... but who needs that?This will be the last Cuisinart product I\'ll buy; their griddler, blender, and ice cream maker are poorly engineered too ... and I long ago stopped using them.', 'I already have one of these I had purchased a year ago on Amazon, and, I absolutely love it.  It does a great job chopping onions, pecans, tomatoes, cilantro, etc.  I ordered this one for my daughter, and, she loves it.  I use this mini a lot more than I use my food processor.  The size works great, especially when baking!  I highly recommend!', 'Was a little skeptical of how this would hold up. Very impressed. It gets much more use than the larger cuisinart.', "Besides myself being a Cuisinart snob, I will say that I wouldn't use any other product in my kitchen. This does a wonderful job on small jobs such as pestos, or making peanut butter.", "I'd recommend to buy this one.  This one chops very good specially garlics, onions, etc.  It lasts long too.  Our previous last about 6-7 years.", "I received my Mini-Prep about two weeks ago, and I have used it everyday 2 or 3 times a day to make homemade baby food for my daughter. It is GREAT! It is easy to clean and I love that you can switch the blade from sharp to grind mode! I do recommend looking over the user guide for which blade side and speed for optimal chopping/processing. I had been using my full size Cuisinart to make her baby food prior to getting this, which as any one with the full size Cuisinart knows is a pain to drag out and I couldn't make just small portions for her. So, the Mini-Prep was the perfect solution for me! I have processed just about anything and everything in this so far and it has worked beautifully! I highly recommend this for any small job in the kitchen. Another plus is you are able to buy extra bowls so if you want to use it for coffee or spice grinding you can have a bowl specifically for those uses so other foods do not absorb the flavors of coffee or spices.", 'As usual Amazon did it\'s thing and got this mini chopper out to us in a jiffy. Now, do it chop. Yep, it do a mighty fine job and with very little effort! Sliced 1" thick and quartered a nice size purple union. Zap, zap, zap with the neat lever and wa-la, fine chopped union with no juice. Took three sweet pickles and zap, zap, zap again and got finely chopped pickles with no juice, ya-hooo. Hummmm, gotta get out tha Gum-mbo pot now. Get to tha store and get some assorted goodies. Hey, it\'s File Gumbo time and I\'m gonna be "King of tha Kitchen" again. Now ladies, sorry! Your he-man is gonna lay claim to this here "power tool" "toy" for himself, lol........ Yes, and it\'s a dandy looking little thing too........ Long life, who knows, but today it\'s a gooood life! It do seem to be sturdy and solid enough for a long life. I figure it\'ll last.....', 'This is okay for chopping cilantro, but does not puree very well. I my mind it does not live up to the Cuisinart name. Much prefer my old Sunbeam Oskar.', "Bought this for my Mother who had her version from about 8-9 years ago finally die out. It looks almost identical (other than some minor cosmetical changes over the years) to her previous version.Judging from her original version, if it lasts at last as that, she'll be thrilled. Great little food processor.", "My original mini prep had a sharp blade, not a serrated blade.  I got years of use out of it, and I wouldn't have replaced it but my husband mistakenly through the lid out in the trash.  This one is only so so, and food gets caught in the teeth of the serrated blade", 'This purchase was a replacement for the one the kids broke trying to operate it.  I liked it enough to purchase it twice.', "I also own a large food processor (also a Cuisinart) that I use for substantial tasks like making bread dough, slicing vegetables, etc.  Because of this, I use this mini-prep processor as a backup when the parts of my larger food processor are in the dishwasher or when I only have a small task that does not justify taking out my large food processor.Overall I get a lot of use out of this and have found it to be very durable and consistent.  I've owned it for almost four years now and over that time have used it to do everything from make homemade nut butters to rough chop vegetables to make my own oat flour out of oatmeal.  It has performed very well at all of these tasks and years later, still has lots of power and cleans up beautifully.  It is fantastic and I could not say enough wonderful things about it.That said, I do have a couple of caveats.  The first is that I would never buy it as a primary food processor.  It is just too small for normal tasks.  Even when I am making something in a small quantity like a dip I typically find it is too much size-wise for this processor.  Using it in an application like this would take forever.  However, it's great for doing basic chopping tasks because it is so easy and light to pull out onto the counter and efficient.  I also love how the stainless steel look coordinates with my appliances and other gadgets.  Overall it is a great product and if it ever dies I am likely to replace it with another Cuisinart.", 'Bought this to replace an old Mini Cuisinart Processor that was worn out (it was about 12 years old).  Love the red color, matches my toaster and coffee pot.  Works great.  Use it for small jobs instead of dragging out the big food processor.', 'I have to puree my veggies and fruits. This is so very easy to use and such a quick clean up that I can go from one item to the next with a quick rinse.', "I am a fanatic about kitchen appliances, specifically Cuisinart. Even though I have two other Cuisinart food processors that work perfectly well, I thought this would be good for small jobs and I couldn't resist the look. Not only was I not disappointed, but this has become my most-used kitchen appliance. I can mince garlic, make guacomole, turn garbanzos into hummus, and perform a host of other useful tasks. It is perfect if you want to make something quick, and don't won't to drag out the heavier, full-sized food processors. There are some culinary batches that you would ordinarily need to process, but are too small for a full-sized processor - this item is your answer. I have found the pulse control to be superior to the larger processors even - you can custom-chop tomatoes and walnuts (a quite difficult task) to your liking. The reason that I would recommend this specific model over other Cuisinart mini-preps is that this one is truly a miniature version of the full-sized processors - same Cuisinart quality, same original design that has worked for years. I have repeatedly washed the removable parts in the dishwasher with no problems - much easier to clean than any other processor I have used.The only mild complaint I have is that the blade does not seal as well as the larger Cuisinarts - it does make a perfect, restaraunt-quality smoothie, but I would use less than the amount suggested by the recipe book if you don't want a liquidy mess on your hands. But, it's better to do smoothies in a blender anyways.", "Got this over a year ago for my mom in law and it's still doing its job! :) Fantastic.Good for salsas, sauce and more.", "I've had this machine for about 10 years now after my husband INSISTED that I stop chopping onions by hand during the construction of Thanksgiving dinner.  He brought this home and well, I've been loving it ever since.  I do mostly use it for onions, but it is wonderful for spices and nuts too.  I just can't believe how powerful the motor is in this guy - it seems as if it could grind beef!  Mine has turned yellow (it was white) with use but I think I'm going to rebuy it in stainless steel.  Anyway, the price here on Amazon is quite good since my husband paid $34 for it 10 years ago!  I think I'm going to ahve to buy a larger one because this one is getting too small for our family. I don't like the way it cleans up, however, it can be a little much when you do onions. You HAVE to put it in the dishwasher for sure if you do onions because the plastic definitely holds the odor. Wish it was glass! Great machine for the money and I highly recommend it.", "Bought it for our second home where I try to keep stuff down to a minimum, but still needed something to make pestos. This works for that. Tried to chop dates to make energy ball type things and got nowhere. Good little machine for what it is, but it's not a food processor.", 'This processor does not work.  This was a replacement for a Krupps processor and I only used it 3 times.  I had to buy a Phillips to replace it.', 'received in good conditon, had to return the first one,  did not chop,  got the second one, it was for my daughter she said it did not work well', 'good little chopper, great for small jobs. very easy operation. chops evenly and clean up is a breeze. cute and compact.', "I've been using this almost daily for about a month. Easy to use, easy to clean, and looks nice on the counter. No real complaints, except that the bowl feels kind of thin, like it would crack easily. I own a full-size Cuisinart food processor and another mini (a cheap-o brand) and the bowls on those feel much sturdier. I hope I'm wrong about the bowl, but I guess only time will tell. Other than that, no complaints, and I'd recommend buying this!Update 6/27/13: After three months of regular use the bowl is still holding up, and it's still doing what it's supposed to do. My only complaint at this point is that this little mini-prep does not have a feed tube. Obviously I knew this when I purchased it, but hindsight is 20/20.", "Not for me. It's so small (of course) and it's really only good for nuts. It pulverizes other products. I returned it with no problem.", 'ALTHOUGH ATTRACTIVE TO LOOK AT, I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE LARGER THAN IT IS.  I HAVE A $10.00 PRODUCT THAT WORKS BETTER THAN THIS ONE.  I EXPECTED MORE FROM THIS BRAND.', "I came here looking for a replacement for the bowl which came with my mini prep becaue I dropped & chipped it, and now it leaks :  I did find this a useful little device *BUT in a very limited way*.  It does not have a very powerful motor.  You might well not expect that on such a small unti, but when I tried to use it to grate some roamno cheese, it smelled like burning rubber, much like when I use their blender for *anything*.  the things I bought from Cuisinart 10 years ago or more were very well made.  It has been a long long time since I have seen anything from them which is not made in china, and not to the standards the brand is known for.  I suspect that they either sold the name or are outsourcing everything.  Nothing is the same quality.  I am preferentially using 20+ year old plastic black & decker equipment from when I was in college :(I guess given the cost of replacement parts I will shop for another little chopper from another brand.  If you generally cook from scratch, these are useful (chopping onion, e.g.) and yes, it can handle bread crumbs... but not even a soft cheese!off to look at what Amazon has available from Kitchinaid, Hamilton Beach...brands which are still making products the way they used to ;)Updated 12/17/2011 to note that I purchased a floor model of the kitchenaid chef's chopperKitchenAid 3-Cup Chef's Chopper, Chromeat a local store (for about what a replacement basket would have cost.... they really get you on parts!).  They were being cleared out, as a new model was coming in, so, I got it for a song; and WOW! what I have been missing all these years :O It is so so much faster, more powerful.  I never would have thought there would be such a difference!  If you are considering one of these, I would urge you to have a look at Kitchenaid's little choppers.  At this point I have several pieces from each manufacturer, and am quite happy with my Cusinart full size food processorCuisinart DLC-10S Pro Classic 7-Cup Food Processorand stand mixerCuisinart SM-55BC 5-1/2-Quart 12-Speed Stand Mixer, Brushed Chromebut in the prep realm, kitchenaid has the better tool.", "This mini-prep-processor is the second Cuisinart product I have bought from Amazon. The first was a refurbished convection toaster oven. The careful engineering and attractive, simple design of both products impress me. Also impressive is how wonderfully well they work!After reading a lot of the Amazon reviews-- not all 350+-- I was convinced this mini-chopper-processor would be a better replacement for the small, inexpensive Black and Decker that burned out with no warning after one year of very mild use. Avoid Black & Decker in the kitchen is my conclusion. Anyway...this Little Honey, that's what I call him, arrived the day before Thanksgiving. Before that I'd only used the B/D to pulverize cat food twice a day. The cats spit out meat or fish pieces they'd have to chew. Waste of money, so they get instant grind instead.What good timing! I put that Little Honey right to work. The slightly larger cup capacity, two speeds, a strong sounding motor of the Cuisinart, and its crisp good looks kept inviting me to whip up quick dips, sauces and icings for unexpected company-- as well as, the morning and evening cat food.The compact size lets me keep it up on the counter. I get more use out of it than my large food processor down in the cupboards somewhere. If it were a little larger I would replace the big processor.Why only 4 stars?I think it is a great little tool, but I am waiting to see how long before the motor burns out. And 4 stars because it does not chop evenly, when I chop such chunky things as celery or certain mixtures of wet cat food large pieces are left.(No, not together! I wash it out well between food types.)Usually I run it until I smell the motor burning then stop. That is after the recommended 10 to 12 seconds, alternating between Lo and Hi speeds. Some other reviewer mentioned the burning smell also, so I assume it is normal...Anyway, if it is still doing this before the warranty runs I will have to send the Little Honey back. For now, I love it very much.", 'I needed a way to liquify single servings of food to provide nutrition through my mother\'s feeding tube.  She does not tolerate the commercial nutrition, but does well with her customary food.  I tried using a blender, but the end result was inconsistent for bolusing through a feeding tube even after adding additional liquid.  We have used the Cuisinart I purchased when they were first introduced to the USA, which worked well but was inconvenient for on-the-spot use and for travel.  I read the reviews for this and other mini Cuisinarts and decided to try the "cheaper" one.  I am impressed with its performance, ease of use and compact size.  It is clearly worth the small price I paid.  I most like the ports in the top for slowly introducing liquids.  It is perfect for my intended use, and I can envision how to use it in cooking. I highly recommend it.', "This little baby is a must for any kitchen, from making salad dressings and marinades to salsas.  Just big enough that I use it for most of my food processor chores; rarely do I need to take out the big processor.  Once you try it you'll be hooked!", "Quality food processor which is just the right size for the small batches needed by a couple. You don't need to process a large amount most of which would spoil before it was all used.", "These are OK if you are doing something that has liquid.  I have tried small amounts of hard things and they don't seem to blend or chop without a lot of side scraping.", "well i'm not impressed because all it is,is a mini food processor, nothing spectacular as they all work the same. I did like the fact that I could get it in a different color which was blue. I thought I would use it more but I have only used it a couple of times. I still like my bigger food processor and feel I may have wasted my money buying it. it probably would be great for an older person who doesn't need the big food processor and only needs to chop up small stuff.", 'Good quality and super chopper-I use pulse chop most of the time since it has a great motor response!! I think it is over-priced,however, I expect it will last close to forever!!', 'Works great for small jobs including powdering some spices.  I also flip the blade over and shred onions with it.  If you fill it up too full it will not work well.  Remember this is not the full-size model.  It is also very easy to clean up.  no hard to clean nooks and crannies.', "We received this for free when we purchased our Cusinart convention toaster oven.  We've used it to make small amounts of pesto or garlic sauce.  We've also used it to grind up fresh bread to make bread crumbs.  Given it's size, we had to feed it one slice at a time, but that was fine since the recipe did not require a lot.  So for small items, it's does a good job.We have noticed an electric burning smell if it's turned on for too long.  It's annoying, but not too bothersome.We have a 20 year old full size Cuisinart Food Processor that's still going strong.  Since Cuisinart is manufacturing their products in China these days, we've noticed that there is a big difference in the manufacturing and design quality of this little food processor compared to our old 20 year old full size model.  It does feel cheaper and that may explain the electric smell whent the food processor is used to much, the motor is being overtaxed.As long as you know it's limitations, it works well.", "If you mainly use a food processor, or WANT to use a food processor for blending, chopping and pureeing foods, the Mini-Prep is such a good idea. It does about 80 percent of what a large food processor does, and it's easier to clean and takes up less space.If you find you typically chop herbs, make pesto and blended sauces, herb butters and the like and do NOT use the food processor for batters, doughs and slicing, you might consider the Mini-Prep. The motor is very strong, the blade very sharp. I made a fresh tomato coulis out of tomato, dried tomato, oil and herbs in seconds and it had the right texture (chopped but not liquified.)One thing I hate about large food processors is scraping small amounts of chopped herbs or nuts out of the large bowl. If your typical job, like mine, is chopping small items in smaller quantities, this is perfect. It takes up a lot less space on the counter, too.The unit comes in steel color and white. Before you buy a food processor, consider what you typically process. If you do coffee, smoothies, pesto, chopped herbs and nuts and salsa, this may just be enough, saving you dollars and space.", 'I was a bit leery about this model and hesitated given the price.  Although I trust the Cuisinart name, the fact that it was much less than similar mini-prep food processors left me hesitating (and honestly, screamed "made in China by underpaid workers").  I got over that (the first part; not super excited about the second) though, bought it, and LOVE IT.It handles everything I\'ve given it easily and quickly.  Pesto, bread crumbs (including a batch of WAY overbaked croutons that were rock hard), spices, coffee beans, graham cracker crust (for a very tiny pie)... it\'s pleased me every time.My two favorite things: it comes with a little mini spatula, which allows you to get nearly every drop of whatever you\'re prepping out of the processor and into your recipe, which isn\'t always the case w/food processors - big or small.  Also, cleanup is a breeze- it rinses with a wipe (or top shelf dishwasher safe) and a quick wipe of the top of the base unit gets any "dust" from mixing right off- no crevices for stuff to get stuck (and get nasty).I love this little thing- so much that I bought one for my sister-in-law today!', "This is a great size, easy to operate, beautiful look on the counter.  Can't say enough about this little machine!!", 'I have had the Cuisinart Mini-prep Pro for years, which I use all the time, but because I am something of a minimalist, it is too large for my tastes to keep out on the counter top.  I was looking for something to do the frequents small tasks of chopping nuts, onions, etc, that would be small enough to have a place out in public.  This is perfect.  It is about half the size of the Pro, and has a very elegant black chrome appearance and is about half the height of the Pro as well.It is lighter than the Pro in all aspects, but as with all my Cuisinart experiences, it does a great job on its intended tasks.  The warranty is the very odd number of 18 months, so you get the idea it\'s not supposed to be a workhorse.  But used as recommended, I\'m sure mine will last "forever".  I\'ve been looking for something like this for a long time, and considered Kitchenaid and other brands, as well as other Cuisinart models, and this one is exactly what I had hoped for.', 'I had one of these which i burned the motor out on a few years ago.  Kept using the mini processor attachment on my blender ntil today.  Bought this same model in stainless at Big Lots for $29.  So glad to have this back in my kitchen once again. I may never have to pull out my large 11 cup Cuisinart (1992) ever again.', 'I thought it would be great. I have Black & Decker that does a better job. It also has a small prep bowl. My big Cuisinart broke so I thought for a small size it would be good. Did not even crush wet beans or move it to the top as said. It was to late for me to return it.', "This is my very first mini processor, i was so excited to get it for making baby puree.  Its a good size for that purpose,small enough i can leave it on the counter top.  However, i am disappointed after my first try.  I put baby carrot  and broccoli in it, used on HI as recommended, many of the carrot didn't get chopped properly, i can still see quite big chuck in it.  I have used the same receipt to make puree in a blender(non-cuisinart) before, and the texture turn out perfect, just like the glass jar puree you get from store. This one is quite grainy.", 'i bought this mainly to chop onions and such to save time of chopping by hand, but no matter what i do i end up with mush and chunks of onion.  i dont know what im doing wrong, if anyone has any suggestions - feel free to help me out', "This is a good little machine with limitations.  it is very cheaply made.  no question about it.  I expect it will last a few months.  BUT, for the price I can either get it replaced or just keep buying new ones.  Not the best consumer mentality, but I think that's how it's going to be.  It IS very small.  I had anticipated making sauces with it but even for small meals you need to do it in several batches.  I tried shredding vegetables in it and it nipped away at the outer skin of it but left me with some round balls of vegetable matter that required quite a bit of shifting.  It's easy to clean and while it has quite a few drawbacks, I see this getting much more use than my larger machines because of it's overall ease.", "I received this as a present and was convinced I wouldn't find a use for it.  Much to my surprise I love it!  It sets on the counter next to my DLC7-Pro.  It is a whiz for chopping a cup ful of nuts for a recipe, making quick bread crumbs for meatloaf, chopping herbs and making dressings.  The blade reverses for chopping or mixing so make sure to have the side up you want for the task at hand.  It is easy to use and a breeze to clean.  I just pop the soiled parts in the dishwasher and forget it.  I would not want to be a day with out this tiny wonder.", "This does a good job of pureeing things for my mother and it takes up relatively little counter space.  I can rinse the parts quickly and easily after I've prepared one food and move directly on to the next course.", 'This is a MINI processor, and that\'s why I bought it...NOT to do the big jobs, I have the "big boy" to do that.  I do like the how handy it is to do the small jobs, so I don\'t have to use the big one.  I use it a lot to make home made dressing.  Clean up is easy and quick, as is the machine.  It will scar the bowl if you try to grind hard spices, etc. however...but it states that in the manual.', "I bought this item specifically for grinding spices and herbs for indian cooking. It does a fairly decent job with the spices although you need to have at least 1/4 cup for it to work well. As to the herbs perhaps I'm doing something wrong but it did not do as well. The herbs that were above the blade stayed put and it took a lot of scraping the bowl to get them chopped up. An addition of something solid (perhaps an onion or a some butter) would probably take care of the problem but just the leaves on their own give this processor a hard time.", 'Bought this as a gift for my daughter in law. She has used it a few times and loves it.', "I have had this cuisinart for about 2 years now, and it is still going strong.  I have been impressed by its ability to chew through large volumes of basil when making pesto, and small things like sesame seeds for making tahini.  It is also perfect for grinding cookies for pie crusts.  And the size means you don't have to be using a large volume to get great results.  I don't think this mini prep eliminates the usefulness of a full-size cuisinart, but it sure is much easier to clean up when you only need to process 1-2 cups of something.", "Didn't know how easy to use this would turn out to be, but have used it constantly to chop up nuts that I then added to bread dough in my breadmaker (one cup of nuts at a time) for a high protein loaf of bread.  Recommended by my sister and now I can too.", "I purchased this in advance for what I knew was going to be a lot of food prep Labor Day Weekend.I was so certain of the Cuisinart brand name that I threw out the boxes and other packaging and the damned thing didn't work.  Well, it worked for 10 seconds and then died.  It was probably the single biggest waste of $30 I have ever made and the entire thing ended up in the trash and I spent 4 hours chopping vegetables by hand.", "I use this all the time to chop up nuts, grate hard cheeses, and make small batches of hot sauces. Works well when you don't want to pull the full sized food processor out and assemble it and then clean it afterward. It'll chop a good sized onion up to start a pasta sauce, or a couple of hot peppers for a finishing to a stir fry. Very handy and pretty well built even for couple time per week usage year after year.", 'I replaced my original mini-prep with this item after the plastic housing on the steel knife split.  The first one lasted about ten years, and I used it quite often, tho it was not abused.  Love the handiness of this item, it stores easily with a small footprint, parts go in the dishwasher for quick cleanup, just the right size for smaller jobs.', "I find it a little difficult to get the get the consistency I want.  Some things get liquefied if the chunks are too big and I want to try for a little smaller.  What I wind up with is liquid -- but still with some chunks in it!  That, for me is not too bad; I just wanted it for small amounts where hand slicing/chopping wouldn't do the job.  I have had the Cuisinart Mini-Prep for three-and-a-half years and used it again, tonight, for the first time in two years!  Then I remembered why I had not used it.  The parts have too many small grooves and recesses which just do not wash cleanly -- easily.  After brushing and scrubbing the disassembled parts I find that to get off all the small smears of food I have to resort to Q-Tips to get the numerous little, tight angles and grooves clean.  It's a  hygiene horror!", "I love this little chopper. I lost my old one when I moved, and I tried a few different types, but I was never happy. I just had to get another mini-prep. It's easy to wash, very simple, and it does a very respectable job of chopping garlic and ginger and making small amounts of pesto, nut butter, or dressing. I use it pretty much every day and it never fails me.", 'I had a smaller chopper of a different brand but wanted one that had a little larger bowl. This one is perfect. Thanks to my Daughter for recommending it.', 'Great for chopping smaller amount of veggies and stuff. Does what the big ones do only with smaller amounts. Good for small familes.', 'This is a great little chopper.  I like that it does not have a long chute sticking up on the lid.  It pulses nicely and chops up garlic and onions quickly.  I also liked that it had 2 speeds and you could pulse.  I bought it for its small size to put in my camper, but liked it so much it has a place in the house.', 'Great little processor for the money.  I crush dry beans and dog kibble easily and fast.  Have no need to process large amounts at a time as it would not stay fresh.  This one works nicely, efficently and cleans up so easily.  I process daily soups for my dogs.  This is just the right size.  Easy to use, clean and is versitile for wet foods and dry foods.  I would purchase it again for gifts if need to', 'We have purchased many food processors over the years. I saw this on a cooking show and immediately bought one. Best small processor ever!!  Others do not pick up all of the pieces off the bottom of the processor. This one picks up everything and creates a smooth blend of everything. Buy one for yourself and pass them out to the kids as Christmas presents!', "The blade mechanism on this chopper is extremely difficult to remove or adjust.  I have very small fingers, and there is still barely enough room between the two blades for me to press on the plastic ring to remove it.  I can't imagine how someone with large fingers would manage.  My husband and I both sliced our fingers numerous times the first time we assembled this and tried to change the blade position, so I read the manual to see if we were doing it wrong.  Well, the diagram in the manual doesn't correspond to the actual machine, so it's useless.On top of the danger, it doesn't even do that good of a job chopping.  There's nothing I can do in this thing that I can't do better and more easily with my hand-held blender.  Save your money AND your fingers!  Steer clear of this thing!", "I am a quadriplegic with very little hand dexterity and find cutting and chopping extremely difficult and time consuming. A good friend gave me one of these as a gift in the 1980s. That one lasted around 12 years(!!!) I just burned-out my second one: and now I'm here to buy my third! It's very easy to operate, even for a quad!!It really works fast and the processing mechanism is made well. I have processed things as soft as olives to as hard as almonds, and this machine tackles them all very nicely and clean-up in easy.", 'Then go with the Ninja Master Prep. I bought both and the Cusinart turned an onion into mush. When i tried to just pulse it the pieces were very inconsistant, so I pulsed a littlemore and it turned it to mush. On the New Ninja Master Prep. It has only pulse one speed, but its more powerful and the mini base has four blades, two like the cusinart and two more above them so if you put a half an onion in and give it one short pulse your done. I had to chop garlic the Ninja chopped it up perfectly. Its more money than the mini cusinart but its a muchbetter unit.', "I bought this unit to replace one I had purchased in 1995 or 1996.  I originally wanted to replace just the bowl as I had broken it, but with Amazon's price of $26.60 total I just had to go for an entire new unit. It was shipped free too.  I ordered the new Black Chrome finish and it really is lovely. My original one was white and this is a very surprising addition to the line for such an inexpensive price!!The only thing I can say from reading the other comments is people are expecting too much from this smallest of food processors.  It is made (and tells you so in the instructions) to be used continuously for no longer than one minute. If you pulse it properly and don't just leave it running, it is fine. This processor is the one I keep under the kitchen cabinet to be used to make small amounts of sauces,finely chop up garlic,chilies, etc. I have a much larger DLC-5 which I use for larger tasks.If someone is purchasing this for the first time I highly recommend sitting down and reading the instruction booklet before proceeding.  I haven't had any problems with the old one because I did that very thing when it first arrived. I even read the new booklet again, just to make sure if they made any changes.I was most happy to find all these years later, they still manufacture the original unit. I am not a touch pad fan and I am happy Cuisinart recognized many of us still like the original processors just as they were!! Adding the new finishes to the line as I said above just sweetened it up for me!!!It does have a powerful motor, but it is only a 21oz capacity, so that should make people aware not to over extend their expectations.  It is the perfect compliment to the larger processors and I would highly recommend it. For such an inexpensive price I think it is worth it!", 'A time for every seasoning......and a utensil for every purpose. The Cuisinart Mini Prep does not serve well as a primary processor for heavy jobs. That was not its intended design, or function.I obtained my first mini prep as a promotional gift with a DLC-7 purchase. For many years they have been contributing to my cooking enjoyment as a problem-free, complimentary team in a busy kitchen. When their lexan lids eventually chipped, (which admittedly is a major cause of aggravation with Cuisinart\'s products) I opted to replace them rather than spend up to 50% of their new cost for replacement bowls. I upgraded the old DLC-7 that is still mechanically perfect, with a MP-14 TM Limited Edition.The Mini Prep perfectly compliments larger processors. I specifically elected to stay with Cuisinart\'s older, boxier design; because its function is favored over the newer, sleeker model, the DLC-2ABC.The mini prep makes delectable, creamy homemade sauces and dressings. It performs equally well making pesto, cr&egrave;med butter, chopped fresh herbs, including garlic, chopped nuts, small portion purees, deviled eggs, spreads, and speedy fresh salsas. It has a fast and slow lever whose function I like because they may be "pulsed" on and off with an instantaneous response. This offers a demanding cook tremendous control over several types of prep functions conducive to small processors.Mini Prep seems perfectly designed to make one and a half cup portions of emulsified sauces and dressings, such as cilantro mayonnaise for grilled fish, or a dollop on fresh corn salad.Here is a basic example of how I use this workhorse.Herb mayonnaise:  place dry seasonings, a dab of honey, poupon mustard, flavored vinegars, or lemon/lime juice in the jar. Pulse to mix. Add about a tablespoon (who measures?) of Just Whites, dry pasteurized egg whites to the liquid (no cholesterol, calories, or salmonellae fears) ---pulse to mix---add a hand full of fresh herbs (cilantro, or dill, or tarragon is nice)----pulse to chop slightly. Then use the wonderfully designed lid that holds oil and has two holes on the top that will drizzle in the oil of your choice, without opening the lid, or fiddling with additional attachments that drizzle oil. You have the additional control to shift the motor speed instantaneously from high speed, to slower, or pulse mode, in direct accordance to your temperamental sauce\'s precise requirement as it thickens.Result: Restaurant quality chef\'s sauces come together effortlessly in minutes! Large processor\'s work bowls are too large for this type of job. One must repeatedly scrape the bowl\'s sides, and the motors are additionally too powerful to make small portions described above as successfully as the Mini Prep\'s performance.The Mini prep is very lightweight which makes it a delight to store in the pantry. It assembles and disassembles quickly and effortlessly. I especially love the function of the two (tiny) holes on the lid, along with the ease of the lid\'s removal for ingredient additions. The design and function permit those who love to cook an opportunity to enjoy their creativity in the kitchen without fighting with obstinate, dysfunctional appliances.It is a great convenience and a breeze to use. I love this little workhorse.', "I replaced my KitchenAid mini chopper with the Cuisinart because of the price and it was available in red. It's a nice little appliance and works well but it doesn't seem to be as sturdy as my former KitchenAid. My old chopper lasted for 12 years so hopefully this will give me at least a decade of service.", "I have been using the Mini-Prep for a few years.  I like to use it for small jobs like chopping herbs, parmesan cheese, and for making pesto.  I haven't had any problems with processing parmesan cheese as one reviewer did.  The blade has two sides, a blunt side for processing hard items like parmesan cheese, chocolate, and coffee beans and a sharp side for processing soft items such as onions, garlic, meats, and mushrooms.  The sharp side is labeled sharp.  If you alternate between processing hard and soft items, you have to remember to check the position of the blade to make sure you are processing with the right side.  In addition, the processor has two speeds, HI & LO.  The LO speed is recommended for use with the sharp side of the blade and pulse action while the HI speed is recommended for use with the blunt side of the blade and continuous processing.  The Mini-Prep has a lot of kick to it for such a small appliance, and I have found it best to hold it steady with one hand, particularly when processing hard food items, because it will jump when powered on.One thing I noticed, in the instruction and recipe manual under Operating Techniques, the instructions indicate that hard cheese is processed with a blade and position speed of Blunt/HI but the instructions for grated parmesan cheese in the recipe section uses Sharp/HI.  I pulse at BLUNT/HI and then do continuous hold until its grated like I want it.  For best results, cut the cheese into small pieces as indicated in the instruction manual before processing.The Mini-Prep does a fairly decent job of chopping onions and garlic. On occasion I find a stray piece that the blades missed but that's probably because I don't always cut the pieces as recommended.  Overall, I think this is a great little processor and well worth the price.  Just remember to read the instruction manual before you start using it.", "I wore out my original one, so this purchase was a no-brainer. I pulse/chop carrots for salads, and just this use is worth the price. If I don't have the mini food processor and I'm going to make a salad, I often skip carrots since I would have to drag out the big food processor, and wash all the parts afterwards. Carrots are so good for you, and I like small pieces of carrot in salads, not chunks like you get with a knife. I use the mini processor for making small amounts of sauces, dressing, and grating single servings of firm cheese. Very useful and versatile. This one is just like my old one, except the black chrome is new to me and very nice looking.", "I love this little guy!  I use it for just about everything!  I make salad dressing all the time, and yesterday I made topping for a cherry crumble.  Easy to use, easy to clean!  I never put any of the parts in the dishwasher, I think its ok to do so, but from past experience, these sort of items tend to wear out more quickly if they are subject to the heat of dishwasher drying, so I don't do it.  This is definitely one of the handiest little gadgets in my kitchen.  Great for gifts too!", 'It works well but is a little smaller than I had expected.  This is my fault and not the fault of the machine', "I bought this to grind mustard seeds when I found out I was obsessed with home made mustard. It works great even when run for long periods (some mustard seeds must be processed for 6-8 minutes to reach proper grind). It has plenty of power and has also now been put to use grinding romano cheese. It's just a lot easier to use when I don't need the capacity of my 14 cup processor.", "I've had one of these little numbers for years and had to replace it recently when the piece of the cover that locks it in and allows the device to turn on sheared off. This happened after 4-5 years of regular use, though, it wasn't new by any stretch of the imagination. I read reviews about other models thinking it might be time for a change - I was annoyed that Cuisinart wouldn't just sell me a new cover; I had to buy the whole basket and cover apparatus for nearly as much as a new machine. In the end, though, I did just buy a new one. This baby chops, dices, and is great for making emulsions for mayonnaise or Caesar salad dressing.  The blade can be flipped over for different uses. If you read the directions that come with the product, they explain clearly how to use the appliance so that you don't get onion mush.  The only thing I don't do with it is grind spices - I have not had good luck with that and prefer to use an old coffee grinder. Otherwise, it does exactly what it says it does.", "Just cut your vegtables and don't waste your money on this because if you want to use it; you still have to cut your vegtables in small peices anyways. This thing will likely liquify them too....not a great product.", 'I love this little appliance for chopping small amounts of food.  Does an excellent job.  It replaced one that I had used for 16 years.', "This is a waste of money. I got one about 2 or 3 weeks ago and I'm sending it back. I have put no more than 1/2 cup at a time, of nuts, pieces of cut up carrots, etc. Every time I use it, this processor gives off a very strong, terrible smell of HOT PLASTIC!!! My opinion is, it's a piece of junk, and given how it smells when it's used, it won't last long!!! I would not recommend anyone buy this processor. It's not worth the effort to have to send it back!!! It's JUNK!!! DON'T BUY!!!!!!!!!!!I received the new KitchenAid 3 cup mini yesterday, that I ordered to replace the Cuisinart... and WOW what a difference. I had read a review, that said the Cuisinart was as good as the KitchenAid mini... HAAAA!!! That had to have been a paid Cuisinart review, it sounded just like a paid ad for Cuisinart!Yes it cost more, for the KitchenAid, but man it is well worth it!!! The Cuisinart wouldn't even chop pieces of cut up veggies, using the pulse method as instructed, I stood there forever, pulsing over and over only to smell a horrible hot plastic stink, and chunks of veggie left in the processor, and if there was any moisture in the chopping bowl... it leaked out in drops thrown all around the processor on the counter. And yes the top was on correctly and the chopping blade was on properly. So when you read a review that sounds like a paid ad for the product... Be aware... it probably is.", 'Once I figured how to put it together, it worked just fine. My first project was to grind chicken to make burgers. I sliced the breasts into long pieces and laid them on the blades. No sooner had I turned it on low when the job was done! I went through 3 breasts in less than 3 minutes. This is really a time saver. Too bad some others did not have such good luck. I also love the deep red color. Great purchase.', "This gadget works well, is easy to use, and is well-constructed.  My only complaint is that it chops too finely (even using the pulse method and the correct blade) for my usual needs.  If you want really finely chopped onions, carrots, cheese, etc., done fast and easily, this is your gadget.  But it's a little too fine for everyday cooking for me.", 'Seems to be a solid blender. I was worried about the negative reviews but after using it myself I am convinced that those were user errors. There is a possibility that the glass jar is not correctly placed on the base which could lead to accelerated wear of the plastic connectors. This should not happen with a bit of care. Only bit of criticism that I have is that the blender could be slightly faster and blend more foamy.', 'This blender arrived on Friday the 11th, and is being returned on Monday, the 14th.My first suspicion came as I unpacked the blender and I noticed the base was not chrome, but in fact, plastic.  (which was not disclosed on the technical information).  The cord was thin, and only had two prongs at the end, in comparison with my old Waring blender with a very thick black cord and  3 prongs at the end for heavy duty performance.My enthusiam dampened, I put an inch of freshly peeled and thinly sliced ginger in the blender, went first topuree, then to liquify, then with no decent results went through all of the  different selections and barely got useable results.  I then put in a half of bunch of parsely, (unchopped)  read the instruction booklet, tried the selections for different speeds, and end up with chopped parsley flakes everywhere.  Unwilling to give up in spite of failed attempts, I added my berries, and applesauce. Berries, sweet, soft berries, and soft applesauce. I pureed, I liquidfied, I went through all the speeds, and ended up with bits of berries, ginger, and tons of parsely flakes everywhere and produced the worst unblended drink in my blending career.  Perhaps most people don\'t blend fresh ginger and parsely (so-o good for you and tasty too), but my old waring blender has been making this drink for me for years, giving me smooth pureed results each time.Hindsight being better than foresight, I realized I allowed myself to be seduced with the very nice new shape of the blender jar, thinking it would work much better than the old shape, and the new "touch pads" .  Wrong on both counts.  The wide shortened new shape looks great, but somehow doesn\'t work as well as the narrow original shape of the blending jars.  The touch pads are a pain to use, and you have to be in the right light to see if you\'ve turned the machine on or if it\'s off.  I was very disappointed in the blender, but more in Cusinart, a brand I have trusted for years who makes the best food processor imaginable.  So much for trusted brands. I\'m refurbishing my Waring blender with new parts, at least I know it works well.', "I may have lucked out with this item now that I've seen all the bad reviews with it.I've been using this blender almost everyday to make shakes/pina coladas for over five years, and it still works! I use only four of the 7-speeds since you only really need high-medium-low settings. The glass is of excellent quality and very thick; I've banged it accidentally several times and there's not a scratch on it. The top has a great grip when you close it. The base is made of plastic and feels a little cheap. I'm not sure what else to say about this item, it blends well and it's easy to clean up after, simple as that!I admit I am a Cuisinart brand whore. I can't help it, they make well-designed appliances, that work fantastic, that match beautifully with my decor--a trifecta of perfection! And not one of them has failed on me (yet, fingers crossed).Recommended from me, but please take the other reviews into consideration.", "For this money I didn't expect the glue under the button names to peel up within a week. and I certainly didn't expect the base to cause messy leaks despite repeatedly replacing the gaskets. And now, after less than two years the motor has burned out! Shame on you Cuisinart!", 'Cuisinart, I thought, built quality products. Then they started manufacturing this mess that they call a blender. What a stretch to call it a blender! It needs help to puree the ingredients for a smoothie (you must frequently STIR the ingredients yourself.) The blade assembly eventually cracked. There is now a black residue around the black whirly thing on the base. My husband thinks that it over heated. All that damage from making SMOOTHIES?! Yep. Cuisinart take note-I AM NOT BUYING CUISINART PRODUCTS AGAIN. I would venture to guess others feel the same. I\'m happy that some folks had a good experience with this "blender" but I am not one of them.', 'I love my little blender!The color is the exact baby pink shown in pictures... Good, high quality... I mainly use mine to make my breakfast protein shakes in the morning and it blends up the fruit I put in like a champ.', 'In my humble opinion, most of blenders are not great.  The motors are not powerful to chop through heavy amounts ice and frozen fruit. I\'ve burned through a couple of cheap Hamilton Beach ones.  So if you are doing a lot of entertaining, you might want to look at a commercial one.Use your head.  You may need to pulse it a few time to shave the frozen stuff down. Or you can slowly add ice after you blended the other igredients. Also, you should look at the recipe book.  The recipe book gives you hints on how to "layer" the ingredients.I made some awesome hummus by following their directions.As I said earlier, if you are doing heavy blending work with ice you may need a professional unit.  I have heard some of the high end Warings fit the bill.', "I use this for my diet shakes and it's the best. I also love that it is very easy to clean. And of coarse I love the color", "First of all, my unit was factory refurbished, so had no warranty.  It smoked on the first use and died on the second.  I ordered an oster blender and it's been working fine ever since... two or three years, never a problem.But I won't stop there.  Thought maybe I could find the problem or use the motor for another project, since I couldn't return the unit, took it apart and was absolutely flabbergasted with what I found.  I'm an electrical engineer and have been involved with designing and building all sorts of things through my life... but this takes the cake for poor design and unsafe practices.  The motor is mounted using a paper (not plastic, not cardboard) tube that fits into a plastic ridge at the top.  It rests on the bottom of the housing on a rubber grommet and is not anchored in place except for this PAPER tube, shaped like a toilet paper center.  So I threw the bottom half away, put a mason jar lid on the bottom of the nice glass jar and thought I'd use it as an orange juice container... bad idea... it won't pour without slopping down the front and all over the table.This is junk and shame shame on you cuisinart... I'm sure they bought it from someone else because they would NEVER have designed something this badly... someone was making it as a joke!", "I'd lower my number of stars, but can't because this is an edit of a previous review.  I had this blender for four years (an admittedly long time, but I used it very rarely).  I noticed after a year or so that there were fine black plastic bits on the base of the blender.  After a few more years of use the plastic mechanism in the base of the unit that spins the blades split in two.My husband and I were going to throw it in the trash, but then felt a wave of guilt about how in our consumeristic culture we never repair things anymore, etc.  So he went online and ordered the broken part for $[...].  When he tried to replace it we realized that an interior screw had become stripped and it was impossible to remove the broken piece.  THEN we threw it in the trash and bought an Osterizer, which doesn't have any plastic moving parts.", 'I chose this blender because I love the color pink. It is a fair price for a blender that works well.', "I love the blender portion.  It works great at crushing ice and other items.  The food processor is another story.  Works to chop up and blend items, but the motor noise alone has forced me to stop using it.  With each use, the noise is louder and so irritating.  I am extremely disappointed that I can't use the processor portion of it.  As much as I love the blender, I can't recommend the purchase because you won't be able to use the processor without ear plugs.", 'This blender sucks! It does not work!  Everything just sits there and I have to use a spoon every few seconds to mix it up.  DO NOT BUY THIS BLENDER! It will save you time and a headache you if buy a different one.', 'I admit, I primarily got it because it was pink...however, the second reason I chose it, over the Kitchenaid Blender, was because it had a glass carafe that won\'t crack, discolor or dull. I suppose the glass carafe COULD crack, but I\'d probably need to take a sledge hammer to it, LOL.It also crushes ice like nobody\'s business, which was the final deciding factor. A couple other reviews mentioned issues with the button labels peeling off (under warranty, I\'d have gotten an immediate replacement - could have missed QC), dripping into the blade housing (no clue how that could happen unless the user held a glass directly over the blade seat) and the motor burning out after "only" 2 years (no mention whether the use was extremely heavy, or not). Those really didn\'t concern me since there were only a few of those. The more predominant reviews were fairly glowing, and those I paid attention to.Mine won\'t get daily ice crushing duties...only occasional...and I have no plans to try and crush seeds/nuts/cinnamon sticks (that\'s what my spice grinder and food processor are for), so that doesn\'t really concern me. The only thing that I would have wished for is a metal motor housing, instead of plastic. I\'ll just have to be a little extra careful with it. It\'s the sole reason I took off 1 star, but this is probably normal for modern, small appliances. Unfortunately, almost nothing is made to last, any longer. Planned obsolesence/replacement, so they can keep seling them, LOL.I\'m more than pleased with my choice.', 'I love pink appliances and they are very hard to find.  This blender matches all my other pink appliances and is also a quality product.  I would highly recommend it.', "This blender sounds louder than a jet plane and when you're through holding it together, the food looks the same as when you put it in. IT DOES NOT BLEND! a terrible product. i've been disappointed in this brand name before, but this unblender surpasses even their worst.", "My Wife love this blender. Looks great, i has a large doubt whit this blender, but it's arrived at home, i'm feel good, because its really really very good looking over my counter.", "This is a great blender.  I had a Cuisinart Duet before - which still works but it's not nearly as pretty as this pink one.  It's reasonably quiet and does the job.  Cuisinart machines are generally a good investment.  I'll have to use it more to see if it's really a great product.", 'This blender replaced a Sunbeam I had for 30 years.  The jar is oversized and supported by small blades placed in a small opening at the base of vessel, isolated from the mass inside. It takes forever to blend anything smooth.  After operating the motor for more than a few moments it begins to emit a strong burning smell.  The plastic drive assembly for the blades snapped off in the first week of use.  Cuisinart replaced one free.  The second one cost about twenty dollars.  I would not recommend this blender, there are better choices.', 'I own several blenders. I love this one. The size is perfect. The color pleasant. It is easy to operate. A must have for a small kitchen.', "This blender does a great job and is not to heavy or cumbersome. It's easy to use and take apart for cleaning. Would recommend this!", "A piece of trash for ice crushing.  Motor sounds like it's about to explode. The cup is just frustration if you're trying to make smoothies. Replaced it with the Oster Beehive classic. Way better and actually quieter because of the sturdy base.", 'Not sure why all the bad reviews as we loved ours!  I am back to buy the 700 watt upgraded version of this blender.  It has lasted several years through almost daily smoothie making.  (Green smoothies are a family favorite!)I admit I never tried grinding up dry things or using it for many other purposes.  But for smoothies and mixed drinks it was perfect and durable!', "This is a great blender that's gotten a bad rap. I've owned this model for years and it outperforms all others for my specific task: pureeing Progresso's Manhattan Clam Chowder. The ice crushers don't liquefy the clam pieces. The Cuisinart purees their little hearts out. The mechanical construction is still the Achilles heel but if I can get 2-3 years daily service for 59 bucks, I'm good.Btw, Progresso Manhattan Clam Chowder is a watery mess from the can. Once it's throughly blended, like a shrimp bisque, it's a world class soup. I'd put it up against anything in a top restaurant. I've had one can a day for twenty years. Unfortunately, this doesn't work for other Progresso soups (they're already too thick). Another stroke of genius: blending pea soup with vegetable soup, but this only works for mid-price restaurant soups.", 'Read other reviews.  The drive on this unit fails.  I probably used this blender only around 10 times over the past year, and now its broken.Do not buy.', 'This is a high quality blender that is made to last. I have had many blenders over the past decade and this is by far the best. Whether it is smoothies, pancake batter, shakes etc....it does a great job. Highly recommended.', 'Worked great for the three months that it functioned.  I liked the glass jar and it made great smoothies.  It was powerful and never bogged down.  Then it just quit working.  It is made in China and of apparently poor quality.  Too expensive to buy one every three months.  I would look for something with better reviews.I changed my review on this from one star to four stars because the manufacturer stands by there product.  They replaced the blender with no hassles.  However, it still broke after three months so you should be careful.', 'This blender is unreliable and does not work well for smoothies (our main use for a blender). When the cutter assembly broke (after ~20 uses) I contacted Cuisinart about a warranty replacement. Since the blender was purchased as a gift (from our wedding registry), we did not have "proof of purchase" and Cuisinart did not honor the 3-year warranty.We purchased a replacement part from CuisinartWebstore.com (~$21 with shipping) and got through another ~10 uses before that cutter assembly broke as well. This time with a proof of purchase in hand I called cuisinart customer "service" again only to learn they do not warranty items bought at the webstore (i.e. the replacement part had no warranty).If we could rate a company / brand here as well I would give one star to Cuisinart (i.e. Conair) for their shoddy product quality and poor customer service.', 'SUCH A SWEET BLENDER AND STURDY TOO. I USE IT EVERY DAY. BOUGHT THIS ONE AFTER A PLASTIC CONTAINER ONE BUSTED IN MID STREAM AND BLEW OUT ALL OVER MY NEW KITCHEN AND NEW WINDOWS TOO.. OH WOW.. LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PINK BLENDER. WORTH EVERY PENNY.', "I had used this blender for blending &quot;soft&quot; drinks like shakes and smoothies without ice, but after using it ONCE for blending with frozen strawberries, the plastic part that drives the blender mechanism broke.  It's made of a hard plastic and not a softer plastic that has some give to it as many other blenders do.  This is definitely not something I would expect from Cuisinart.  Very disappointed.", 'I\'d formerly written that I\'d sent the base for this blender back to Cuisinart for repairs, not once, but twice, after the plastic gears broke blending *liquids*.  Liquids! Not even thick sauces or heaven forbid ICE -- despite the advertisement of this item as a "bar blender."Well, guess what? It broke again, when blending a thin soup.  I\'m not going to waste any more money sending this thing back to Cuisinart and will have to think twice about buying appliances from Cuisinart again.', "Macy had these for $39.99 so I bought three.  All three failed within a very short period of time.Cuisinart charges $10 for warranty repair and you have to pay shipping to return them to Cuisinart, plus all the time required to copy your sales invoice, repackage the unit, deliver it to the post office and wait in that line all for the $17 difference in simply buying another unit.Then again, why bother buying another or even getting a warranty replacement since you'll be going through the same process a few months later.", "I was very hesitant to purchase this product this past christmas after reading the reviews here on Amazon.  My mother had wanted one for awhile, but always thought they were well over $100.  I found a refurbished one (which further made me worry, wondering why Amazon had so many refurbs if the product was reliable), and decided to give it a try.They have been nothing but happy with it since I gave it to them.  It has been used almost every day since Christmas 2003, and they have not had one problem.  Cleaning takes a little more time than a regular maker, but they say it is well worth it for how fresh the coffee tastes.Just remember...90% of people who post reviews are those who had problems.  Most people without problems never think to bother.Update - 12/9/08 - Apparently it finally died about 3 months ago, so it made it through 5 years of almost daily use.  My parents loved it so much they bought another one.  I'd still give it 5 stars.  The main reason I think these do break now and then is because you do have to take a couple minutes every time you use the grind feature and clean it out.  My parents did that, but I can certainly see a lot of people getting lazy and not cleaning it every time.", "Unreliable and hard to clean.I took full advantage of the warrantee on this coffeemaker. With a only 6 months of service, the grind mechanism bound and couldn't be removed. Cuisinart replaced under the warrantee (I did have to pay shipping charges!) Less than a year later a repeat performance. Again, I paid shipping and Cuisinart replaced the machine. Well you know what happened!  The third one just went in the trash as the warrantee expired two months ago.The machine was always difficult to clean - so know I am online to look at Melita's!", "I've had two of these machines.  The first one lasted almost 2 years and made outstanding coffee.  The second one makes absolutely terrible coffee.  I have come to the conclusion that this second machine doesn't get the water hot enough so the coffee is weak and bitter no matter what I do.  The temp in the carafe at the conclusion of brewing is only 150 degrees.  I spent so much time and money thinking it was my error, but now I'm fairly sure it isn't my fault.If you get a good one it's great, but the one I have now makes undrinkable coffee.  I bought a refurbished one the second time around, I'll never make that mistake again.  There's a reason why those products are so much cheaper.", "We have had this model for over a year and, while it does make good coffee, it is SUCH a pain to clean.  You have to remove the entire grinding/ filter mechanism each and every time coffee is made.  Also, the grounds somehow wind up going everywhere and the water reservoir must be cleaned at least every 2 or 3 pots in order to keep the grounds out of your water.  If I had it to do over again I'd spend the extra money and buy the Capresso machine.  My mother has the Capresso and it's much better!", 'This coffee maker makes good coffee, but all the little parts, which don\'t fit together quite right will make you crazy.  This is a pain to clean.  The basket is large and over time became more difficult to remove.  After a few months, I couldn\'t get it out, even with a pliers.  Also after a couple of months the automatic drip control broke off, when trying to remove the basket.  I emailed the vendor several times more repair or a replacement part...no response.  Now that the machine hasn\'t been cleaned properly for a few months the coffee doesn\'t taste that good.  In the trash it goes.  The machine also "beeps" at you a lot....like I need one more complaint!  Good coffee, but needs design tweaks and customer service improvement.', "My mother bought this for myself and my husband for xmess about 4 years ago.  We were in love!  The coffee is amazing, better than anything you can get at St@rb*cks and waking up to freshly ground, freshly brewed coffee is a fine motivator to get out of bed in the morning.I like that you can set the length the hot plate stays on all the way up to 4 hours as well the ability to adjust the temperature of the hotplate.  In the winter I like my coffee scalding but in warmer months I prefer it a bit less heated.Cleaning the machine - why is this an issue for people?  It literally takes seconds to rinse the parts off under the tap.  You don't want to use soap in a coffee maker ever.  We use a kitchen scrub brush to rinse all the grounds off under the tap and then DRY THOROUGHLY before putting it back together.  Not drying tends to cause the grounds to not transfer properly into the basket.Complaints:Honestly, 4 years wasn't enough time for me.  I feel it should have lasted longer and even then, for two of those years, we were limping along having to coax it into operation most mornings.  After a while some water or something got into the computer and we could no longer set the time or use any of the computerized controls, but still we pressed on.  Eventually even our tricks to bypass the quirks stopped working and we threw it out.  We plan to buy another very soon but are debating the thermal carafe version vs this one.This is a great machine, a bit over priced for the life span, but hopefully Cuisinart will pull their heads out of their nethers and make one that doesn't suck quite so much.  Regradless we're still going to buy another.  The quality of the coffee is unsurpassed by any other machine (save my pump espresso machine) and we love our coffee around here.", 'FIVE stars for excellent coffee and ease of use.  I use the sink sprayer and have no trouble rinsing grounds out of coffeemaker.  I have bought two for my use in our two homes and given two as gifts.  Fresh ground coffee is the best!  If you are going to buy this grinder, be sure to buy the gold-toned metal filter.  Paper filters change the taste of the coffee.June 2009 - This lasted two years and I would buy it again if this item had not been discontinued by the manufacturer.', "I purchased this Cuisinart coffee maker with the idea that I could save time having a machine that could both grind and brew. I followed the directions enclosed with this machine and found that it produced a weak, pallid cup of coffee.  Ok, so no problem I just added more coffee beans and less water and so on and so on.  What I noticed when I faithfully cleaned the parts of the machine daily is that there was quite a bit of coffee left in the grinder and the screen and that a cup of coffee was now costing me 60% more because of this design/operational flaw. In other words I was having to use 60% more beans in order to produce a strong cup of coffee because much of the bean grind was wasted. So figure it out.  With coffee beans costing approx $10-$12 a pound [where I'm at] this coffee maker is nothing but a BIG OVERBLOWN WASTE OF MONEY! I would definitely not recommend this machine to anyone.  In fact I'm going to repack it and give it to my hateful brother for Christmas.", 'Okay product, made nicly and durable. You get a good cup of coffee. After buying this I went and got a kuring k-cup which is much nicer.', 'The design is such that you do not get maximum taste from the coffee beans.  Stay away from this model.  A chore to clean, plus mine broke about a year after I bought it.In a way, I am glad.  I got a Melitta coffeemaker to replace it  and the coffee tastes much better!', "I think everyone agrees it makes the best coffee for a coffeemaker in its price range. It does take longer to clean. I purchased a second one (amazon sale for $59.99)since it was cheaper than buying the individual replacement parts. I use a soapy papertowel to wash the pieces and then throw it away. One should use soap vs. just rinsing to rid the plastic of the coffee oils. Then if I want a second pot, I either use the other set of parts or if both sets are wet, I dry the pieces with a couple of papertowels. This probably takes 2-4 minutes. I think it's worth the time.", "The idea of a machine that ground &amp; brewed coffee was too good to resist, and for a while it was fine (althought it's noise scared the heck out of my dog);  within the first year the heating element croaked.  Sent it back &amp; got a replacement unit, which incidentally only is warranteed for the balance of the first unit's warranty!  6 months later, today, with a full pot of coffee on board, it burst into flame!  Whoa! Fortunately my husband was in the kitchen and took care of it before the house went up. I'm going back to Braun, no question!!", "Worked great for the first year we had it, when we used it maybe 3-4 times.But after that, it seemed like nothing would ever really freeze up enough. I looked into the problem and decided that I might have damaged the cooling capability of the bowl by cleaning it with hot water (which is a no-no).So, I bought a replacement bowl, and once again, for the first year with a few uses it seemed to be OK.But now once again, it's just not getting cold enough - and this time I *know* it's not my fault since I have been very careful to only wash the bowl in cold water.", "Assuming one has realistic expectations from such an inexpensive appliance, they will be very happy with this ice-cream maker.  Sure it isn't the fanciest, the bowls take up a lot of freezer space, and it certainly isn't quiet; but it makes a good amount of delicious - consistently textured ice-cream, is gentle enough that you can use almost any ingredients you like, and is simple to clean (even by hand if, like me, you lack a dish-washer).  Assuming you have the freezer space to keep one of the bowls prep'd you can go from zero to enjoying excellent soft serve in about 30 minutes. Overall a great product.NOTE: For most of the recipes I've tried, this machine produces ice-cream of a consistency akin to soft serve.  Very tasty in any-case and things harden up nicely in the freezer if you have time to wait.  But those wanting to serve cones right from the machine may be forced to make very small batches to accommodate this models limited ability to quickly freeze.", 'I received this as a wedding gift and like it a lot. Although it is super easy to use, it is not really a practical gadget for regular use. The canister requires a chunk of freezer space and must be frozen a day in advance. The appliance itself has a small footprint and a nice cord keeper underneath. Would be a good purchase for those who like different ice cream flavors, dieters, or those with special diet requirements (like no sugar). I usually make mango ice cream in it. In addition to ice-cream, it is fun for parties to make slushy fruity drinks. In  that case you will want to get an extra canister.', 'Just saw this at Costco in Chicago for about 1/2 this price. I think it was around $30. Def. worth a trip to Costco if you have a membership.', "I have had one of these for about 10 years.  It is still running.  It still works fine.  But, I will be replacing it soon with an electric machine that is self-contained for a number of reasons.This machine only makes soft serve ice cream.  In order to get the density that we are accustomed to in purchased ice cream the soft serve ice cream has to be dispensed into another container and then frozen for at least an hour, preferably overnight.  Be certain to start with a very cold base ice cream, or the ice cream will not even reach a soft serve state.This machine is not quiet.  It makes much more noise than it would appear capable of generating.In order to be able to make ice cream the freezer compartment needs to be solidly frozen.  How long this takes is dependent on how cold your freezer is inside.  I usually put mine in the night before I plan to use it.  I also make my ice cream base the day before so that it will be completely cold when it enters the ice cream canister.If you plan to add nuts or fruit to your ice cream do this after the base has reach a soft serve state to keep the nuts and fruits from getting broken up to fine, unless that is your intention.If you make ice cream, sherbet, or sorbet infrequently this machine will suit your need.  If you don't currently make ice cream at home and just want to try to make ice cream to determine if a machine will get used, this item would also make sense.  However, if you are an experienced ice cream maker, and expect to use an ice cream maker frequently I would suggest investigating the models that chill the bowl on their own (without you having to put something into your freezer overnight).", "My first three batches of ice cream from this machine got rave reviews from guests and family: a rich, creamy dark chocolate try out turned into ice cream truffles which the dinner guests snarfed; a nutty coconut put Baskin-Robbins chemically, oversweet version to shame - the guests inhaled it; and a Valrhona chocolate ice cream has made grocery store ice cream unappealing to the family.  Simple recipes work fine.  Cold mixing turned out as good a product as heating then cooling.Pros: This Cuisinart ICE-20 is quiet enough to run in the kitchen/dining area while we are eating.  It is easy to set up, use and clean.  It turns out a nice product - good enough to serve guests.  We like being able to have ice cream with less sugar and no chemicals.  It is entertaining to watch the process through the clear top opening.Cons: The plastic scraper/turner doesn't fit the bowl closely enough which leaves a thin layer of frozen ice cream to be scraped off.  Making less than ~3 cups of ice cream results in reduced aeration because the ice cream mix comes below the level of the plastic cross piece that mixes it.The best deal that I found now was at Williams Sonoma where the unit with a second bowl is $59.95.  The second best deal is Linens & Things where a 20% off coupon will bring the cost from $49.99 to $40 but they don't offer additional bowls.  The bowls cost about $30.", "I really wanted to love this ice cream maker.  I was Somersizing and wanted to use the all natural ice cream mixes that went along with the diet.  I could get my ice cream to freeze- that wasn't a problem. It was like wonderful soft serve in the middle of the bowl.  However, all along the edges of the bowl it was frozen rock solid and NOTHING was going to remove the ice cream from around it.  The ring of rock hard ice cream wasn't just a small skim, it was a substantial amount.  Sadly, this has spent more time hidden in the depths of my cabinets than being used.", 'Works very well--but [at the price]? Come on! This unit isvirtually identical to the Deni ice cream maker I bought at Target for[little over half the price]this  spring--which also works very well. Shop around, people!', "My mom gave me this ice cream maker as a Christmas present a few years ago. My husband and I are vegan, so we were really excited about creating new vegan ice cream recipes. (I eventually started compiling them in my blog, A Vegan Ice Cream Paradise.)We've never had a problem with the machine. Every recipe I've invented has frozen nicely. I keep the bowl in the freezer all of the time, so I can make ice cream whenever I feel like it.I do wish that the plastic covering/shield thing was dishwasher-safe, because it can be a pain to clean, especially when I'm using a high-fat coconut milk. Still, it's not too difficult, and the reward (awesome vegan ice cream) is worth it.", 'We actually found this product on clearance sale at JCPennys last winter.  It has been a wonderful kitchen gadget, as long as we keep a few things in mind...1) We store the bowl in the freezer rather than trying to freeze it only when we want ice cream.  This ensures that it is nice andfrozen.2) We haven\'t tried to make frozen yogurt in it - only ice cream - so I don\'t know how it works with the yogurt.3) Ice cream recipes that call for something other than cream don\'t freeze as well and don\'t last as long after they are made.  When we make ice cream with just milk or with evaporated milk, we have to let the machine run longer and then we have to eat the ice cream within a couple of days.  It will also have a more crystallized and less creamy texture.  Ice cream with a combination of heavy cream and milk is phenomenal, though!  It will still form some ice crystals after several days in the freezer, but it\'s not bad at all.4) If we chill a metal mixing bowl in the freezer for a few minutes and then mix up the ice cream in it before putting it in the ice cream maker, it starts off colder and freezes better.So far I have not figured out how to make a nice, creamy low-fat ice cream in this maker, which is why I am giving it four stars instead of five.  I still need to try the frozen yogurt.  But, for regular ice cream, this is phenomenal!  We love "chunky" ice cream, and love to experiment with all the different things we can add to the Ben & Jerry\'s French vanilla recipe.  With the price of good ice cream these days, this quickly paid for itself because it\'s much cheaper to make our own.  We love it!(Oh, and we bought the Ben & Jerry\'s ice cream cookbook to go with this - it has a lot of tips for successfully making ice cream.)', "Once I got the hang of it (there is a bit of a learning curve, but it's not terribly steep), I loved the frozen treats that I could make - especially frozen yogurt.A few weeks ago, while it was mid way thru churning, the upper, cylindrical part of the dasher snapped away from the vertical, scraping arm.  Because the machine is out of warranty, I had to order the part's replacement at my own expense.  While it's not going to break the bank, Cuisinart informed me that it would take 8 weeks (!) to fill my order.I'd considered ordering the dasher that was introduced in the newer model, since it's supposed to be more efficient, but I wasn't sure that it would fit in the ICE-20.Bottom Line:  Great concept, lousy parts.", "This product works great, if the unit kept in the freezer for long enough, the consistency of the ice cream gets very good. It's easy to clean as well. I bought an ice cream maker so I could use organic ingredients, and everything has turned out fantastic so far. I have no complaints.", "After trying other ice cream makers with mixed results (due to design flaws or machine failure), I decided to try the Cuisinart machine and have been VERY happy with it.  We've been using this for almost two years with no problems and are pleased with the design.  The running noise sounds like a small motor, neiterh jarringly loud nor quiet as a whisper.Keep the bowl in the freezer if you want to be able to make ice cream or frozen yogurt on a whim.  Cleanup is very easy, and the ice cream is comparable to soft serve when you're first done making it or you can freeze it for an hour or two if you want it to be more solid.  It's great to make any flavor you want any time, and to be able to control the fat content and quality of the ingredients.The booklet included contains about 20 recipes plus variations, including a number of ice creams, frozen lemonade, frozen pudding, frozen yogurts, several fruit sorbets and a couple of frozen  potent potables. These basic recipes are good and will get you started, but there are also some very good books of recipes available, such as The Ultimate Ice Cream Book.A very good, dependable machine.  Highest recommendation.", "I bought this ice cream maker last summer and ended up not using it much because of time constraints.  This summer however, has been a different story and I have loved making ice cream with it.This machine is so versatile and convenient, you will be using it to make ice cream all the time--for parties, for yourself, anytime.  The only effort required from you is making your base mix (custard, sorbet, whatever you want basically) then you put the liquid mix into the cold bowl and turn the machine on.  No additional effort is required--until you're ready to turn the machine off and eat 20 minutes later!  The machine has a convenient opening on its top so you can add mix ins as your ice cream starts to freeze, or so you can just watch your liquid mix turn from liquid to wonderful ice cream.The only warning I would issue with this machine is that the freezer bowl is pretty big, so if you have a small freezer or one packed with food it may be hard to make space for it.  The bowl MUST be frozen for 18-24 hours before use to get a good freeze for your ice cream, so being able to store this bowl in the freezer is critical to getting good results.", "When i first got my ice cream maker, 3 days ago, I cleaned and put it in the freezer. As sugguested I waited two days before trying it out.I mixed the ingredients for the basic Vanilla (except a few changes: 1c Heavy CR, 1c Light CR, 1/2c soy Milk, 1/2c half & Half, 2tsp vanilla ex, whatever amount of sugar it asked for, and added some green tea powder), and placed it in the fridge for about an hr-hr & a half. After pouring the ingredients in the top I let it go for 25 min. (as suggested instead of 30)and whalaThe ice cream came out deliciously soft serve! I put it in the freezer after eating about a cup and this morning I took another sample. It was a hard icecream on the softer side of the spectrum. Still so good!I can't wait to try another flavor, frozen yogurt, and eventually premium(hard, I'm guessing). If your after a nice automatic ice cream machine, this (so far) has seemed like a great deal for the money (even though it's a little higher then I was hoping to spend).", 'This is THE BEST fool proof way of making ice cream.  No more messing with salt and ice cubes--this maker has a special bowl that you keep in the freezer that freezes the ingredients (mine is always frozen so whenever I want to make ice cream I can). This machine comes with a pretty thorough booklet with ice cream recipes in it but you can make "frozen ANYTHING" with this maker.  Did you know that you could make frozen pudding? The ice cream technique that Cuisinart has perfected of a constant scraping of the sides of the bowl assures that your ice cream is super smooth too. Make as little or as much as over a quart at a time.  Great machine!  I\'ve had mine for about six years and use it about once a month and it is still as quiet as the day I bought it.', "First let me start by saying I was a little skeptical of ice cream makers. The ones we had when we were kids required dry ice and lots of time, neither of which I have.  This is the best though.  The ice cream is so good and really easy.  I've only had this ice cream maker 4 days and I've already made vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream and peach frozen yogurt and each one is delicious.  It makes the perfect amount for a family, not too much so you're sick of it before it's gone or too little.  And it's so easy.  Basically you just pour the ingredients in while it's mixing and in 30 minutes you have ice cream.", "I bought this from a local retailer since it was the only one in stock, and was so disappointed I returned it. It made sherbet (milk-based) with no problem at all, but I've really been craving sorbet, and the freezer bucket simply wasn't cold enough to do the job--it chilled my mix, but didn't even turn it to slush before it had warmed... at which point I had no choice but to put the bucket back in the freezer for another 9 hours, only to repeat the cycle several times before giving up.", 'I asked my husband to buy this machine for me for Christmas instead of jewelry, and have no regrets!  I love all the sorbets, ice milks and ice creams that we can make.  It is simple to use, and the results taste great!My only complaint is how loud the machine is.  I can\'t really let the machine run while we are having dinner unless I put the ice cream maker far away from the kitchen and dining room.  But other than that inconvenience, I can\'t complain.I would agree with the other reviewers -- use cold ingredients, and start your ice cream as soon as you take the bowl out of the freezer.  I let my bowl freeze for at least two days before using it.  I put it in a plastic bag, and then put a zip-loc bag of ice in the container just to be sure.I have a hard time using all of the egg yolks and heavy cream to make true "ice cream" (although a splurge once in awhile isn\'t a bad thing!).  I try to stick to the lower fat recipes.  You can find endless recipes and ideas on the internet.  I must admit that when in a hurry I just throw together some milk, half and half, real mexican vanilla, sugar, and a pinch of salt (no recipe here, just taste it to your own creaminess and sweetness level) to make ice cream for dessert.  It\'s like having fresh soft serve.  Yum!If you would like your own ice cream maker, you can\'t go wrong with this machine!', "I have had an old Donvier manual model for 30 years, so I'm used to using a chiller bowl.  However, there's no comparison between hand turning the paddle in the Donvier model and letting the Cuisinart do it's thing. I love the fact that the chiller turns and the paddle is stationary.I leave the chiller in the freezer for 1-2 days and make sure my ice cream bases are nice and cold as well.  My ice cream is ready in about 12-13 minutes.  So easy, creamy, fast and smooth. Love, love, love this Cuisinart.I debated on whether to get the 2 qt model or the 1 1/2. My old Donvier makes 2 qts. I opted for the 1 1/2 qt and find that's plenty of ice cream.  Thinking about buying a 2nd chiller for times when I do want to make more than 1 1/2 qts or when I want to make 2 different types of ice cream on the same day.So glad I bought this!Farewell Donvier!", "This made ice cream fast, but not impressed with the recipe or how the ice cream froze on the sides of the bowl while making it. It was so hard it was the impossible to get out of the bowl. I'm going to try again but seriously thinking of sending it back.", 'As described, read all the reviews and decided to replace my leaking old Krupps with this one and do not regret the decision.  My DH loves coffee ice cream but it is hard to find where we live so I have to make it for him and this is the easy way to do it.  Next I will try the recipe for Nutella gelato or peach ice cream.  The grandkids love to help make and eat our creations.', "I had never in my life had homemade ice cream until now, my husband and I bought this as a Christmas present to the both of us, we have everything else you can think of but never an ice cream maker, well we are so impressed with the ice cream we can't wait to try other types. It is without a doubt the best tasting ice cream I have ever had, and this machine makes it so easy to make, just pour in the ingredients and turn it on, set a timer and you can relax, when it is done transfer the ice cream to a freezer safe container and let it harden and you have the best tasting ice cream ever! Try it, you will love it!", 'I bought this product on the recommendation of my son to make cranberry ice for Thanksgiving.  I did everything that I expected it to do.  Great machine.', "I'm the author of Lick It! Creamy Dreamy Vegan Ice Creams Your Mouth Will Love and this is the ice cream maker that I use. It's easy to use, makes great ice cream, is fairly quiet. I've had it for about 5 years and have made a LOT of ice cream with it and it's still going strong.", 'COMPARISON:Cuisinart Automatic 1.5 qtthe Rival Gel Canister, and theRival Electric 4&6 qt iceI have had quite the experience with ice cream makers lately and am happy to pass on my own comparison.I actually bought the Rival Electric 6qt ice on a whim when I passed by it in the store. This is the same one as the 4qt. ice cream maker that uses rock salt and ice, just larger. (I know it\'s the same because the inlaws have the 4qt.  It was on sale at Wal-Mart and even cheaper than Amazon.I then exchanged the above ice cream maker, after issues I will get to, for the Rival Gel.You\'ll notice, however, I have the "verified purchase stamp" on my review of the Cuisinart 1.5 qt automatic ice cream maker. That\'s because I gave up with Rival after continued problems with my first two ice cream makers and ordered the Cuisinart from Amazon. It\'s a keeper. However, you may actually prefer one of the other ones I used more if your needs are different from my own so I\'ll break down my experiences and you can decide:But first...some TROUBLESHOOTING that may help you regardless of the ice cream maker you choose. Is your icecream more of a milkshake than ice cream? I have some chef tips:1.Never put in chunky ingredients from the beginning. They don\'t allow the butterfat to freeze correctly. They need to be added at the end (chocolate chips, fruit, etc.)Soy milk? No problem.2.Never use imitation vanilla extract. It contains propylene glycol which not only isn\'t as good as regular vanilla, it prevents milk and cream from freezing well. Use pure vanilla only.3.Your ingredients should be cold prior to adding them to the ice cream maker.4.If you have an electric ice cream maker it needs to be on and spinning prior to putting the ingredients in. If you add the ingredients first and then turn it on, the edges will freeze first to the bowl and your middle won\'t catch up. (Unfortunately you can\'t do this on the Rival 4 and 6 qt electric so it always wound up a little runny for me.)5.If you use an electric gel-bowl ice cream maker the bowl should be stored at the back of your freezer where it is coldest. If your freezer is full of other foods, it will actually be colder than if it is empty so an empty freezer may mean you need to freeze your gel-filled ice cream bowl longer.6.Cream has a higher butterfat content than milk so it begins to melt far faster and will take longer to freeze so you will see differences from soy milk, milk, non-fat milk etc.ICE CREAM CAPACITY:Rival Electric (RE) 4 or 6 qts, depending upon which model you choose.Rival Gel (RG) one quartCuisinart Automatic (CA) 1.5 qtsNOISE LEVEL:RE: loud; cannot hold a conversation in the same room it\'s inRG: loud; cannot hold a convesation in the same room it\'s inCA: surprisingly quiet...not silent but quite a purr compared to the other two.BUILD:RE: Cheaply made which wound up being our problem. The outside core is a very flimsy plastic. Thinner than my Tupperware. Not only did this not insulate the ice well which resulted in fast melting, it also wore down after a week of the motor popping out of the locked position and it\'s flexibility allowed pieces of ice to get lodged in the sides and make the motor stop. This is so common that it says in the owner\'s manual that when it does this you need to stop it and move the ice. This means you always need to be watching it during making. Happens on both size models which is why I had to exchange this originally for the gel model at Wal-mart. That flimsy plastic wore down after just one week from the motor popping off of the lock sockets.RG: Made better than the other model except the top leaves air in too close to ice cream which means it doesn\'t freeze as well and the fill hole is on an angle rather than top and is very small so ingredients spill easily.CA: I like the make, compact so no warm air is inside, sturdy, stores more easily with cord compartment, heavy-duty with no flimsiness or easily broken parts.CONCEPT:RE: Winds up costing more due to needing to buy rock salt and crushed ice each time. The manual states to use crushed ice only and this is because the top pops off easily and ice can get lodged between spinning bowl and the side. For some crazy reason, the paddle doesn\'t spin, the bowl does which means it makes the ice migrate and melt easily. Rock salt should not go down your sink so we would also walk it outside to the street. You don\'t want it in your yard either. Very messy with all the rock salt and ice being poured in while running in comparison to the other two models.RG: Freeze the gel bowl for about 24 hours and use no rock salt or ice.CA: Same as the RG.ISSUES:RE: Had lots of problems with having to fool with it during the process to make it work right, turns off automatically even if the icecream is runny when it senses the edges are done.RG: Motor overheats easily and when it does this it turns off automatically and won\'t allow you to start it again for another 20 minutes. An ice cream maker isn\'t needed to mix ingredients but to whip air into it so it doesn\'t freeze as an ice block but instead becomes fluffy. This means you ruin your mix and have to start over. They need a more powerful motor to avoid this rather than an auto shut off which ruins your batch.CA: Does not turn off automatically and has never overheated. If you need more freezing time, you can just keep on going.  I haven\'t yet had any problems with my Cuisinart but will report back if one comes up.TIME NEEDED TO WORK:RE: Usually 50 minRG:  Usually 35 to 38 minCA:  Usually 20 to 30 minThe time will vary per ingredients.  I based the above all on my plain vanilla recipe.All models come with a basic recipe book but they are so basic you\'ll probably want a good ice cream recipe book.  I love the Ben and Jerrys one because it\'s not just recipes, but goes into the science of making the perfect bowl too.  The Cuisinart has the nutritionals to every recipe, the Rival doesn\'t.  You probably don\'t want to see the calories of ice cream anyway. Especially chocolate!WARRANTY:RE 1 yearRG 1 yearCA  3 yearsICE CREAM CONSISTENCY:RE: I was very disappointed in the Rival Electric.  It runs until it senses the outside edges are done but this left my inside ice cream edges not whipped. It says to get it hard you should freeze it for 4 hours but the next day, since air wasn\'t whipped in, it left it a block of ice and I couldn\'t even scoop it. Because of this and then the plastic lock in wearing out is why I returned it for the Rival Gel.RG: I got a good batch but it was still softer than I wanted, however the next 2 times the motor got hot and, as per the owners manual, apparently this design flaw is common enough that it turns itself off when this happens and won\'t start again for another 20 min leaving me with 2 bad batches so I returned it.CA: If you like yours soft, 20 min seems to work well for that but I usually go all the way to 30 min to get the perfect consistency of whipped air into the icecream allowing it to be soft but still easily scooped days later.  Even on high butterfat ice cream recipes we had a perfect consistency so I fell in love with this one. That was the main thing for me, to get a good whipped up ice cream. Not an icy one even days later. This one is advertised as having a "heavy duty motor" which may mean the difference in it not overheating.CLEANING: Owners manual of all say to clean parts in warm soapy water, not the dishwasher.CONCLUSION: Although the Rival Electric holds more ice cream which is perfect if you are making it for a big crowd, I have had no negative results with the Cuisinart since I ordered it while the other makers were returned to the store...and I rarely return anything. However, it\'s also possible I just got unlucky so if you want a large capacity and have easier access than I do to crushed ice, it might be worth a try.For me, the Cusinart 1.5 qt is just the right size to keep the ice cream fresh for us before it\'s time to make another batch. For a large family, it may not work, but we nibble on it for a week then make another batch and that works great for us and since the consistency and motor where better than the Rival Gel for me this remains my pick.', 'Came without scratches, looks brand new! Look forward to using it soon. Being diabetic I will be making my own sugar free ice cream and sorbet.', "I had used an old ice cream maker for years, but got tired of the ice and salt mess, so was using the maker less and less. Decided to try the Cuisinart for a family party using our treasured family ice cream recipe. After reading some of the reviews, I was worried that it wouldn't come out ok, especially since I was using a recipe that has been handed down for years in our family. Well, let me tell you -- we were all delighted. If you just make sure the bowl has been in the freezer for overnight and that your ingredients are cold, it did the job just perfectly. We chose to make it the day before we wanted to serve it to ensure the proper consistency, but you wouldn't have to necessarily if you don't mind more of a soft-serve consistency. Love the machine; am so glad I can make our family homemade ice cream again!", "This machine works.  The suffering from having to hear it, the dissatisfaction with the end result has put me off making my own ice cream.  I just don't see ice cream as a part of my family's diet to the extent that owning this machine is warranted.", "We've had this Cuisinart ice cream maker for several months now and have made many different flavors of ice cream.  Without exception the product has been excellent.  I've read some earlier reviews where the reviewer had a problem with the ice cream being too soft.  We have neve experienced this problem.  When it is initially finished it is not as hard as when purchased in a store.  However, merely by placing in the freezer, where ice cream belongs in the first place, it hardens to regular consistency.  Perhaps the reason is that we use the Ben &amp; Jerry's ice cream book (available from Amazon).I could not expect or experience a better product for making any kind of ice cream.", 'I have one of these and just love to make homemade ice cream in it rather than my ice and salt ice cream maker.  I do have to say you really need to plan ahead as the bowl requires a long time to freeze.  I should invest in a second bowl. That being said, I would buy this again.', "It really is.  Firstly, I have to admit that I've never made ice cream in it.  I much prefer sorbets.  And oh, what wonderful one's you can make!  The machine is super easy to use, as long as you remember to store the freezer bowl in the freezer.  Just pour in some juice, sugar and a couple flavorings, let it spin for 20 minutes or so, and you will have the most wonderful summer treats.  My favorite?  Fresh grapefruit juice with sugar, fresh mint, and lime juice.  People love it.  You can also use it to make somewhat more &quot;adult&quot; fare.  Use a bit of sugar and a bit of alcohol, for instance, a bit of tequila with the grapefruit juice and voila - wonderful adult party fare.Clean up is easy, storage is easy.  The only down side to this machine is that once you start making your own stuff, it's neigh on to impossible to stop.  On the other hand, since you're making it yourself and can limit what ingredients you use, the end result can be enormously healthy.  And what better than sitting in the sun, enjoying a big bowl of wonderful sorbet, and knowing as empiric fact that what you're eating is also pretty darned good for you.I've given this ice cream maker to several people as gifts.  They've all loved it.", 'I\'ve owned this ice-cream maker for a month and just love it! To avoid the problems other reviewers have experienced, just follow these tips (some posted by other reviewers too):1) Freeze the bowl with a bag of ice cubes in it (thanks for the tip, Cynthia Nelson). It worked for me, and now I only need to freeze it overnight (instead of 48 hours each time I wanted to use it).2) Use a blender to mix all ingredients! It\'s easier to pour from the blender jar into the ice-cream machine, and the sugar is properly mixed and melted into the heavy cream.3) For fruit-flavored ice cream, use frozen fruits instead of fresh fruit puree, or you can buy fresh fruits and cut them up and freeze them. Blend away as you would if you were making a smoothie. I did this and compared it to using fresh fruit puree and found that the "smoothie" mixture chills and thickens faster in the machine (10 - 15 mins); whilst the fresh fruit puree mixture tends to take about 30 mins or longer and yields more crystals when the mixture is frozen.4) Put a small bag of ice on top of the opening of the transparent lid - use the bag of ice cubes that you put into the bowl in the freezer. It helps with chilling the mixture faster while it is being churned. Mine did not melt nor drip into the mixture.5) Put an empty glass container in the freezer before you start making the ice-cream mixture. Use it to store the ice-cream. I use a Pyrex bowl with its lid as glass chills faster than plastic.I modified a recipe I found online, and get awesome creamy ice cream which doesn\'t get frozen hard like a rock even when it\'s been in the freezer for 2 - 3 days! You can, of course cut down on the sugar or use fat-free products or artificial sweeteners (which I haven\'t tried - I believe natural is better than those chemicals in artificial sweeteners. Our bodies can work off the sugar, but the chemicals stay in our system!)1.5 cups heavy whipping cream1 cup Half & Half or evaporated milk1 - 1.5 cups frozen strawberries or any other frozen fruit1 + 1/4 cup granulated white sugar2 tablespoons lemon juice (optional)Put everything in the blender and blend until the ingredients are well-mixed. Turn on the ice-cream machine and pour the mixture in. Once the mixture thickens and has a soft-serve or thicker consistency, turn off the machine. Scoop and serve, or pour and scrape the mixture out with a rubber/silicon spatula into your chilled glass container and freeze for about an hour or so.', 'I love this ice cream maker.  It is easy to use, very fast and cleans like a dream.  I also like the fact it does not make a huge amount I have to store somewhere.  This is a great product for small families.', "I make Raw Cream Ice Cream twice a week.  It works great.  It makes 6 cups.  I need 2 for parties.  Don't over fill and run till it's hard and it's firmer than soft serve.I get 5 cups of cream per gallon of Raw Milk, straight from the mamma cow.  I add 6 Raw Free-Range Egg Yokes, a 1/4 cup of Maple Syrup, 2 1/2 tablespoons of Vanilla Extract and 1 tablespoon of Psyllium Husks.  It's so healthy.  I consider it medicine for my 3 year boy.I find that it does stick to the bowl some.  It's not a problem unless you put it back in the freezer with ice cream in it.  I only do that when I'm leaving soon after making ice cream.  It's not totally quiet, but what do you expect from a motor.  It's quieter than the old salt and ice type.", 'I received this for my bridal shower.  I tried it to make sure it worked before I lost the gift receipt.  It is so easy to use.  I made up a batch of ingredients to make vanilla frozen yogurt.  It was quick and easy to assemble.  I poured the liquid in and off it went for 20-25 minutes.  It was louder then I anticipated, but nothing crazy.  It froze perfectly and tasted wonderful.  I am looking forward to making more delicious ice creams, sorbets, sherbets, frozen yogurts, and even frozen slushy drinks.  This thing is awesome.  It seems pretty darn solid and it easy to clean.', 'I bought this for me last summer, and I loved it so much, I bought another as a gift.  It\'s easy, taste so much better than anything you can buy, and it\'s fun to be creative.  We never have left over icecream sitting in the freezer now, and when we want some, I keep cream handy in the fridge, so we just toss the ingredients into a blender, pour it into the already frozen bowl, and "Voila" 30 minutes later we have icecream !!!  Fastest dessert I\'ve ever made, and always a big hit.  Great way to use up ripe bananas, and make banana split ice cream.', "I've made 3 batches with my machine; here are my observations.  The first batch came out a bit icy, although okay; I decided that freezing the bowl for 2-3 hours isn't enough, and, perhaps the room was too warm.  ... Next batch, I let the bowl freeze for a full 24 hours in the back of my freezer, and also, when running the machine, I covered the open &quot;hole&quot; in the cover of the machine with a piece of aluminum foil to keep the cold in.  That second batch came out very, very good; in the freezer, it ended up freezing quite hard but smooth &amp; consistent.  So, I tried to find a way to keep it softer.  For my third batch, I had the brilliant idea of first whipping the cream a bit, for a minute or two, before I used it (something not in any instructions) and that REALLY made GREAT ice cream!!!  (I used a portable Salton-type hand mixer, which whipped the cream a little bit, adding some air, but didn't really make it &quot;whipped cream&quot;.)In all other regards, it's important to read and follow all instructions.  Then, with the above suggestion to whip the heavy cream slightly before you combine everything, you'll get ice cream that is simply superb, the perfect texture that exactly matches what you'll get in stores, even though you don't add any stiffeners or carageenan etc.I have not tried other ice cream makers, but I have had such excellent results with this one, that if I were purchasing one, I would just get this and not take chances on lesser brands.", "I own both the Cuisinart 1.5 quart ice cream maker and theKitchenAid KICA0WH Ice Cream Maker Attachment, both of which make excellent ice cream, although this Cuisinart, as a special purpose appliance, will appeal to a broader range of people simply because the unit is self-contained.The Cuisinart works without salt or mess; the bowl walls contain a liquid that, when frozen, becomes extremely cold, enough to freeze a cream/custard base to soft serve consistency.  (More on that later.) For the machine to successfully work, the bowl must be placed in the freezer at least fifteen hours in advance, and the mix must be refrigerated for a minimum of 12 hours, preferably at least 24 hours.  Unless you store the bowl in your freezer and use a non-cooked mixture, you won't be able to make ice cream on the spur of the moment.The machine is fairly noisy, much like the earlier electric churners that used salt and ice.  But operation cannot be easier.  Simply insert the paddle, pour in the mix, attach the top, and start it up.  In 20-30 minutes, depending on the butterfat content and beginning temperature of the mix, you have soft serve consistency ice cream, sorbet, frozen yogurt, or sherbet.  To improve the flavor and consistency, the frozen dessert should be ripened in another container for at least 2 hours in the freezer.The biggest drawbacks to the Cuisinart ice cream maker are its relatively small size, especially compared to the KitchenAid attachment, and the way a portion of the ice cream freezes solid to the sides of the bowl, thus creating some waste.  Of course, you can always take a sturdy non-metal utensil to it to sample it right away.  You'll have to let the bowl thaw some before hand-washing.  None of the parts are dishwasher safe, although all are a breeze to clean once the bowl loses its extreme cold.If you own a KitchenAid mixer, you might want to check out the attachment, but you really can't go wrong with the Cuisinart.  Fresh ice cream has never been easier.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann", 'I love my Cuisinart ICE-20 Ice cream maker and would highly recommend it to anyone. I have made countless different recipes in it, and this machine makes creamy ice cream in mere minutes. I have also partly frozen the ice cream and then layered a combination of flavors creating a stunning semifredo dessert. When you can get Cuisinart quality at such a reasonable price, why pay more? The only problem I had was that the ice cream was so good I wanted to make more shortly after and the freezer bowl had not completely frozen again. An additional freezer bowl is on my Christmas wish list this year!', 'I bought this because I love ice cream and can\'t have many of the "preservatives" in store brands and I can\'t afford the price of high end natural ice creams. Thinking worse case scenario the grandkids would love it I made my first batch of ice cream using fat free half and half, it was amazing!As for the noise it makes, I discovered that setting it on a folded towel on the counter cuts down on the noise alot. My husbands plan is setting it up in the laundry room, closing the door and setting a time, lol that works too.I usually only have to place container in the frezer for 6 hours before using it so I think freezing time depends on type of freezer and settings.What I like teh most is how easy it is to make ice cream and the clean up is also fast and easy.I\'m getting each of my adult children one for Christmas gifts this year.', "Don't know how it works, but my grown up granddaughter's eyes lit up when she opened it Christmas day and it is a Cuisenart so I'm thinking it should work well.", "I really found this product to be wonderful, compared to others which I have used. It really lives up to it's claims.", 'Most ice cream beside Bryers contains High fructose corn syrup a genetically altered product the goes the serial sets with acids enzymes and bacteria to create this very unnatural product and while its in alot of adult food suprising it never in baby food maybe that can be expalned as baby rats die in 5 weeks when feed it while normal rats lives an avarage of 2 years unlees there feed a high copper dietso making you own ice cream is much better for you the genetically altered [...]and all those who had one die with in a month or two get over it as you got a defective one so return it. my recomendations is to use it a lot in the first month even if you got to give it to friends to make sure you got a good one. so if it dies you can get contact amazon and get it replaced', 'I really like this and I ordered it for my son and wife as I love mine.  No mess and you have great home made ice cream in about 30 minutes.', "I usually just make ice cream, yogurt, or sorbet during the summer months only, but still I am so happy that this is still going strong; thisCuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1-1/2-Quart Ice-Cream Maker, Whitehas outlasted my expectations as well as exceeded my expectations.  I purchased ICE-20FR on February 6, 2002 from Amazon for $29.99 re-conditioned and I am so happy I discovered it on Amazon and tried it!  I recommend buying a second bowlCuisinart 1-1/2-Quart Additional Freezer Bowl, fits ICE-20 Ice Cream Makerto freeze so that way you can always be ready to make another flavor; when I purchased mine they were $29.99 as well!  Also presentation is fun so check outAnchor Hocking Tulip Sundae Fountainware, Clear, Set of 12.  When/if my ever breaks, I would buy another one on amazon PRONTO.  I don't remember ever having a single problem with it not freezing but I use very natural healthy products and it sounds like some other reviewers were unknowingly putting anti-freeze in theirs not being aware of it.  I most often don't follow a recipe but simply create my own.  My easiest creation is simply pouring in half a quart of Blueberry Pomegranate Cultured Goat Milk Kefir and that froze fine and was great!  I also often use coconut milk, some sweetener choice, and a flavor!  I add fresh fruits in the ice cream or afterwards as topping.  I don't think I ever threw out any of my creations and I am very picky and do throw out other non-frozen recipes.  I think my secret is to taste it before freezing it; if you don't like it the taste unfrozen, you won't like it frozen!", 'This works well, but there are a few points to make it a success.-First, make sure your freezer is cold. A lot of freezers are too warm. -10 to zero F is ideal. Recommended food storage is halved for every 5 degrees above zero F. At -10 you are golden for this unit.-Second, make sure you freeze the bowl for a long time. 24 hours should be enough.-Third, make sure your ingredients are cold. Even if they are cool, it should be ok, but will be softer.Custard based recipes work great. Regarding taste... I\'m amazed how many people have become so accustomed to artificial flavors and conditioners, that "real" doesn\'t taste right anymore. I find pure cream based recipes can leave a bit of a film on the roof of the mouth regardless of the tool used, but cutting with 25% half-and-half or whole milk is a good ratio. Nothing beats a good custard based ice cream on a hot day, four or five ingredients: Cream, sugar, eggs, flavorings, home run.Some things I don\'t like about it:Gel based freezers work, but they warm up from the second you take them out of the freezer. The old style salt and ice can maintain temps well, and the expensive integrated freezer units are about perfect, but obviously cost more. You need know know that going in. Gel isn\'t magic, but it works. You can\'t fault it for being something it\'s not though.The dasher doesn\'t scrape the side of the bowl, it sits off just slightly. This leaves a ring of frozen icy cream, not a smooth ice cream stuck to the side. I think the newer version has a better dasher/scraper.I might try running it in the freezer on an extension cord... why not.No way I would pay full retail for this, but at the current price point, it\'s a good deal.Also consider buying a treadmill or running shoes.', 'The ice-cream maker seems to work perfectly fine. It is everything I expected.  The design is easy to manage.  I have to say though, I am still working on getting perfect, creamy ice-cream from it while using quality ingredients.  Sorbets turn out wonderful!  Overall, I am glad I have this gadget in my kitchen!  Playing with the idea of a perfect ice-cream is delicious in itself!', "I made my first batch of ice cream today.I made the vanilla which was very easy;vanilla,milk,sugar and cream. I pushed the button and waited. I had to run and get my son from a playdate.When I got back it was done! I treated all the kids to a cone and they were full of compliments.They loved it!! It was sweet and perfectly creamy.I can't immagine what flavors will taste like.This is the best!", 'I loved using this product at first and it made quality ice cream that was great for at home or social events.  However, the paddle broke 2 months into it and I have been unable to use the ice cream maker since then. I wish the plastic paddle was a little more durable.', "i gave this to my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it. once you put all the stuff in the bowl it only takes 15 minutes, though it should be noted that it then needs a few hours in the freezer to freeze up fully and that many recipes require a little prior prepping. i still think this is the easiest one you will find and it's a big plus to not need ice or salt. very easy to clean and there is an opening at the top so you can watch it work. very cool.", ':happy dance: I made real ice cream with this little machine.  I got it just recently and I\'ve given it a go since making all the following flavors: maple nut, coffee, coffee walnut, strawberry with chocolate chunks, and mango ice cream".  My bowel took 2 days to freeze the first time but I changed the setting on my freezer to the highest setting available and now my bowl freezes within 5 to 6 hours. Also this helps my ice cream not come out too runny. I transfer it to a container and put it in the freezer and it "ripens" and becomes harder consistency.  I don\'t have an separate recipe book. I just use the basic vanilla ice cream recipe and for the maple nut I added one cup of maple syrup but used less sugar. I added walnut bits at the end of the cycle. Oh there is no timer on this unit so you have to decide when the cycle of it churning should end. For my coffee ice cream I used theMedaglia D\' Oro Instant Espresso Coffee, 2-Ounce Jars (Pack of 6)instant espresso coffee (delicious)...I used 3 spoonfuls and it was perfect in flavor. Now my strawberry ice cream, I again followed the basic vanilla ice cream recipe in the booklet that comes with the ice cream machine and I added a cup of fresh strawberries and I bought a large bar of dark chocolate which I broke up into pieces and put that in. OMG this was my best yet!!! The mango ice cream I did for my daughter because she loves Mango ice cream, again following the basic recipe I reduced the amount of sugar I put in it and added a cup of Mango nectar. So far everything has come out delicious, I freeze it in a separate container for the "real ice cream" consistency. This machine works perfect for the price, the amount of work, etc., you cannot go wrong.', "I was a little hesitant because some reviewers talked about the freezing tub being fragile or the sorbet being too soft or it being too slow.  I strongly disagree.  I have used this beauty for dessert 4 or 5 nights a week since getting it over a month ago.  I mix up the ingredients and put them in the refrigerator to thoroughly cool, then put the freezer together and pour it in.  10 to 20 minutes later, it's ready (depends on exact mix).  If you think it's too soft, you're not used to home-made ice cream!  The outside of the freezer tub is not metal, but I don't think it could be with the material inside it which has to expand.  Obviously you have to be aware of that.  The interior of the tub is stronger and I use my plastic ice cream scooper and hard plastic spatula to get every drop of the goodies every time.  This is a champ.  We've probably made enough homemade goodies already to pay for it if you think about how much we would have paid for that much ice cream or frozen dessert.", "Awesome product... just make sure that your freezer bowl is frozen solid... leave it in your freezer for 1 1/2 to 2 days between ice cream batches just to be sure.  Also, you may want to chill your mixture for 1-2 hours in the refrigerator prior to using the ice cream machine.  My first batch was awful because my bowl was not completely frozen and my mixture wasn't as cold as it should have been.  Other than that, its an awesome machine that is easy to clean and makes wonderful ice cream.  If you really like ice cream or have a large family, you may want to buy an extra freezer bowl.  The ice cream will go fast!", 'This works fineIt is handy when needing a small amount of ice creamIt beats turning the crank handle on the old wooden one we use in the old days', "I've had this ice-cream maker for nearly two years now and love it.  My only complaint is I wish it were a 2-quart capacity; the ice cream is so good but goes so fast!  The recipes in the accompanying booklet produce just the right texture in the finished product, and after a few tries you can easily modify them to make any flavor you desire.It's ideal for whipping up a premium dessert in a short amount of time when you have last-minute guests; just keep plenty of whole milk and heavy cream in the back of the fridge at all times!  Everyone who has tried my mocha-toffee-hazelnut homemade ice cream from this machine has loved it, and quite a few have proclaimed it the best ice cream they have ever eaten.  And you just can't beat how quick and easy it is to make.One tip -- make sure you have a 2-quart plastic container on hand to store the ice cream; you cannot store it in the mixing bowl because it is easily damaged.  In general, right after you take the ice cream out of the mixer, it can be served right away if you have kept your ingredients very cold, but its texture will benefit from spending at least an hour in the coldest part of your freezer.Some people have complained about the noise; it's loud enough to bother a cat but not so loud you can't talk over it.  Definitely not a reason to avoid purchase.", "What Donvier started, Cuisinart perfected! There are a lot of great features to this machine. I like the 1.5 quart capacity, because most recipes that say they're 1 quart are actually more when frozen, so I rarely have leftover mix.The opening in the top makes it easy to start the freezing process without having the dasher stick to the can. It's also great for last-minute additions, which I do a lot because I generally add a bit of vodka at the end to keep my ice cream from getting too hard.I purchased an extra bowl and it's come in handy many, many times. Sometimes you don't want 1.5 quarts of the same flavor, so I'll make the custard base and turn it into two different flavors of ice cream and I can freeze them one after the other. The extra bowl also helps if I'm in a hurry and don't want to totally chill the mix. Then I chill it almost to the freezing point in one and move it to the second one. Buy an extra bowl!!", "This little machine works like a breeze.  Well made and easy clean up.  The biggest problem I have noticed is that relatively few people know how cold their freezer is (as well as their fridge).  I bought a device to show me the temps and now i keep my freezer at 0F and my fridge at 34F-35F - and I have not had any problems keeping the bowl cold enough to freeze up the cream.  So easy and fast - as well as fresh good ingredients have made possessing this machine a delight.  I highly recommend it as well as recommending all of us periodically checking the temps in both our freezers and fridges.There are 2 main reasons for failure to get the ice cream to freeze - first is your freezer is not cold enough to freeze the bowl through and through.  The 2nd reason is inappropriate ingredients that prevent the cream from freezing.  Some of these ingredients are anything with alcohol, fresh citrus fruits (orange, lemon, grapefruit, etc) and kiwi - amongst some others.  Seems to me that anything that will prevent jello from 'setting' will also prevent ice cream from freezing properly.  The ice cream when it is done will also not be hard, like the ice cream you get in stores, but of the soft variety that you get from like a Diary Queen - soft ice cream.  If you want it firmer or harder, put it into a different container and put it back in the freezer.  Now get creative and enjoy the fruits of your labors :)", "I received this item for Christmas.  I wanted it so I could make more natural ice cream without all those additives.  I used a simple recipe from off the web: Some whole milk, condesed milk, and cocoa powder.  At first it was a failure because I only froze the container for 5 hours.  It didn't swish when I shook it, so I thought I was good to go.  After nearly 2 hours I just had cold ingrediants.  I put them in the fridge and froze the container overnight and restarted in the morning.  After only 30 minutes I had some of the most amazing ice cream I have ever had.  I will never buy ice cream from the store again.  This ice cream maker is awesome, I love it.", "This machine works pretty well but after using it a couple times you will wish they had sense enough to provide a cover for the bowl for when it's in the freezer. The bowl is so large around that I have not been able to find anything to fit it and must resort to plastic wrap or tin foil. This is EXTREMELY annoying and almost enough to make me wish I didn't buy it, you can't clean the bowl when it is frozen. The way the bowl is manufactured a standard snap cover would work on it, it would have been simple and cheap for them to provide one. I would have liked a cover for it while it's in operation too, the top is open and I like things covered so nothing falls in while making the ice cream. It could have been designed with one cover for both. The feet are also poorly designed, the rubber feet are too short and slide all the way into their holes so it can sit on plastic and be hard to level. This machine is the kind of design that makes you wonder if they ever tested it before manufacturing it.Still, for the price it works well and if it had a cover and properly designed feet it would rate another star.", 'For years I had one of the ice cream makers where you layered ice and salt in the bucket and began the process of churing ice cream.  I can tell you that after 8 years or so of owning this type of machine I made ice cream 3 times.  It was messy, clean up was a pain and it was noisy.  After my machine was ruined by a leaky roof (divine intervention) I looked around and decided to purchase the cuisinart ice cream machine.  Since owning this maching I have made ice cream atleast once a week.  I have even made ice cream to go with dessert for a dinner for 75 people.  Something I would have never have done with my old machine.The machine is easy to use, easy to clean and in my opinion not very noisy. Some of the reviewers mentioned noise, they must have never heard the noise produced by tradtional ice cream machines that have a motor. It is about the level of a food processor or blender.  perhaps because it is running for 25 minutes it seems louder to some people.As to problems of the machine not freezing properly, I can only say I have not had any problems.  I keep the bowl in my freezer and chill the ice cream and sorbet mixtures well before pouring them into the machine to begin churning.  I highly recommend buying an extra bowl if you need to make more than 1 1/2 quarts at a time. With my "old fashioned" ice cream machine (salt and water), they always recommended ripening the ice cream and I continue to do so.  Once churned, I turn my newly made ice cream into a differenct container and pop it into my freezer for 30 to 60 minutes at least before eating.  I have never gotten really firm ice cream out of anything but an industrial machine and I did not expect it with this one although my nieces think it is just fine straight from the bucket.With the Cuisinart icecream maker, making ice cream is fun and very satisfying.  Best of all, I did not break the bank to get good results.  Although I love the end results on some of the pricer ice cream machines, my Dr. Pepper pockets could not come up with the Champagne cost of those $100.00 or more icecream makers. I was ready say to myself, this machine is not bad for the price and I ended up thinking this machine works well and what a great price.My only issue is more with Amazon.  I am unsure were the $90.00 original sticker price came from. At the cuisinart site you can purchase the same machine for $49.95 just like here at Amazon.  I purchased mine through Amazon due to their great customer service but it seems very misleading and unnecessary for them to mark it up just to give the impression you are saving money by purchasing at the amazon site.', 'I used to own a White Mountain hand crank ice cream maker -- I figured that was the only "real" way to make ice cream, rock salt and all. I bought this device and raced them head to head and the next week the hand crank maker was out by the curb for trash collection!This thing works GREAT! Use your imagination and try some fresh fruit sorbets, make a simple syrup and then freeze it with lime juice, for instance -- it\'s incredible! I find that using instant espresso powder gives me a real coffee flavor kick when I make coffee ice cream. And there\'s a recipe in the included booklet for Jell-O Pudding Ice Cream, which my kids rave about.I found some apricot juice at the market and used it in the ice cream maker -- it turned out some gourmet-like apricot sorbet! WOW!!!I tend to avoid the heavy cream called for in the recipes and use at most half and half with milk. Too much milkfat tastes gross. Too little tastes icy and awful.It\'s simple, it works well, it\'s not all that expensive and the ice cream you\'ll make is easily better than the most expensive storebought ice cream available! The machine has a small footprint and the only noise it makes is kind of a "rawr rawr rawr" as it rotates the central vessel. All you have to do is mix the ice cream base, pour it in the machine and flip the switch!', "It takes a little practice to get used to what works and what doesn't with this Ice Cream Maker. For the price though, it is really good. I messed up my first few recipes by over filling the thing. Eventually, I was making my own delicious ice creams and sorbets. So much fun during the summer! My kids were thrilled! ;)", 'We are very happy with this ice cream maker.  Nice and easy to use.  It makes delicious ice cream.  We have no negative comments on this machine.  Would definitely recommend to others.', "I was on the fence about getting an ice cream maker because I figured it would break shortly after using it, but I decided to go for it. I've had my ice cream maker for about a week now and I have used it 3 times and so far, so good! It only takes about 20 minutes to make delicious ice cream or sorbets. Some of the recipes in the booklet (and in other recipes online or in other books) might require some additional prep work. The ice cream maker makes 1-1/2 quarts which is more than enough for my husband and I to enjoy. It's quick, easy and contains less preservatives than store bought.The only issue I have with it is the mixing attachment is made of plastic. It feels like it has to be handled very gingerly or it will snap in two. At times I am concerned that I will make an ice cream that is too thick for it to handle. I hope this thing last a long time so we can get many uses out of it. I'll update if and when it breaks.", 'Please, someone tell me what did I not get it right to have this grainy ice cream that stuck to the freeze bowl?It tastes more like a sorbet with all the ingredients I put guided by its manual.And, I am so surprised how much fat and sugar it requires to make an ice cream. Does anyone know how to make a healthy smooth ice cream recipe with low fat or non-fat options?', 'This ice cream maker is easy to use, easy to clean and makes delicious ice cream.', "I love frozen yogurt. However, in my neck of the woods, sometimes it is difficult to find decent frozen yogurt that is not filled with sweetners and other additives. I make my own yogurt, and thought I would pick up an ice cream maker and give homemade frozen yogurt a shot.After reading the reviews on Amazon and other places, I was wary about getting the Cuisinart. I was attracted to the high end ice cream  makers, but the cost was way too prohibitive for me. So I thought, what the heck, let me try the Cuisinart - it got much better reviews than the Krups.Well, I just tried my first batch. I was a little skeptical that I would get anything more than soft goo that had been described by other reviewers, especially since I made up my own recipe using evaporated milk and my own homemade yogurt.Wow - it worked like a charm! In 25 minutes, I had a nice soft ice cream that I would be willing to eat right there, but I did put it into a plastic container for further hardening. Since there are no preservatives and it is sweetened to my tastes, the frozen yogurt is clear and bright tasting, without any after taste or gummy feeling on the tongue.I am sooo happy that I have bought this appliance. No more store bought frozen yogurt for me!! I just invested in a bunch of different Sonoma Syrups (I used Meyer Lemon for this batch). Mmmmm.My tips:1. I froze the tub in my deep freezer for 48 hours.2. My ingredients were cold when I added them.3. I took the tub from the freezer, turned it on and immediately added the cold ingredients. I did not allow any time for the tub to warm up.4. I took another reviewer's advice and placed a plate on top of the unit to help keep the tub cold while running.I do not understand why so many have problems with the ingredients not freezing. I could not be more pleased with the results!I would definitely recommend this to others! Just follow the directions, and the whole world of custom frozen desserts opens up - at a very reasonable price!!!!", 'We wanted to get an Ice Cream maker so that we could make "Ice Cream" with Soy Milk for someone sensitive to dairy products.  We considered the ones with built in freezers but not only were they expensive but heavy.  We have make banana and strawberry "ice cream" using soy milk and both have come out perfect.  The total time was about 30 minutes and we ate it right out of the container without additional freezing.  We froze the leftover and it still tasked good but could not compare to the consistency of the original.  We are considering getting a second container so that we can make a second batch right after the first.', 'I BOUGHT THIS TO HELP ME MAKE DIET DESSERTS I COULD EAT ON A DIET. THIS TURNED OUT TO BE TOOOO GOOD FOR WORDS AND I HAVE SINCE BOUGHT ANOTHER FOR A FRIEND IN MEXICO, WHO CANNOT GET THE SORBETS AND OTHER FROZEN DESSERTS THAT WE HAVE IN OUR STORES, AND I HAVE TAUGHT HER TO MAKE THEM WITH THIS MACHINE I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY AND ALL TYPES OF COOKS FOR A QUICK AND WONDERFUL WAY TO MAKE FROZEN DESSERTS.', 'WORKS WELL, NOT TOO NOISY, EASY TO CLEAN.  RECOMMEND BUYING EXTRA BOWL IF 1-1/2 QUARTS NOT ENOUGH, OTHERWISE HAVE TO WAIT 24 HOURS FOR BOWL TO RE-FREEZE', "This is the second one of these I've owned. My first one is 3000 moles away at my parents house so I figured it would be cheaper to just buy another. This makes good sorbets and ice creams (though depends on your own recipes to make them good, right?). The freezer part is wonderful and will keep a freeze for a good hour or so. Very simple design that is easy to clean.", 'When I got this machine, I put the bowl in my freezer and after 6 hours tried to make some ice cream even though the bowl was not completely frozen.If you read all the other reviews here, you know that it doesnt work that way.You need to freeze this bowl for a very long time before you make your first batch. Like 24 hours or more.Other than that, the machine is great, easy to use and easy to clean.', "This is the first ice cream maker I have purchased, and this seems to have been a good choice.  So far I have made dark chocolate gelato that came out fantastic, and some strawberry frozen yogurt.  After 25-30 minutes in the machine, the consistency and texture are quite good...definitely hard enough to eat immediately.  I wish the recipe book was bigger, but I found the gelato recipe on line (epicurious, I believe) and it worked fine (except the custard is kind of a pain to make, lots of stirring and constant attention...).  After having lived in Italy for a year, I really missed creamy Italian gelato, and so now I have my own way to make it.  And it's also nice because I know exactly what goes into every batch.  After you remove the leftovers to the freezer, it is necessary to let them defrost for a little while before serving them, because the ice cream/yogurt, etc. gets hard (no commercial softeners in there).  Not a big deal though.  This machine is pretty loud, but nothing too unbearable.  I would recommend it for anyone interested in a small, easy to clean, easy to use, ice cream maker.", 'I have made sorbets and various full and low fat ice creams. It is easy to use if you follow the directions and easy to clean. It makes a product that is frozen but not hard. Good consistency for eating right away. We store the frozen bowl in the freezer with the bottom side down, it seems to get things a little firmer this way.', "This ice cream maker is easy to use, takes up almost no space, and turns out bowl after bowl of creamy custard based ice creams, light fruit-filled ice creams, and fluffy sorbets all with a minimum of set up or effort.  The bowl goes into the freezer until it has frozen solid (I just leave mine in there all the time so it's frozen when I need it), and in two seconds the base is set up and I'm pouring in French Vanilla Bean ice cream, or champagne citrus sorbet, or fresh peach ice cream with peach chunks.  Sorbet is as easy as grinding up some frest fruit in the food processor or blender, mixing in a simple sugar syrup that takes 5 mins. to make with sugar and water, and optionally adding a little lemon juice or a teaspoon or two of alcohol to give it a softer consistency.  I like adding champagne -- it softens the texture but tastes great as well, giving it an added tanginess that helps keep the sorbet from being too sweet.  Clean-up is a breeze as there are only three parts to clean.  The freezer bowl, the plastic piece that sits inside it, and the top.Seriously, I have not bought commercially made ice cream since I got this maker.  I just go to the market, see what looks freshest , and it's sorbet within a few hours.  Ice creams almost as easy and much better than Steve's, Baskin Robbins, etc.  I can't say enough about this little unit that looks like nothing.  It's sure something!  And at less than $50, it's a bargain.  I've bought them for all my friends.", "Maybe I just got a lemon, judging by all the favorable reviews, but my cuisinart ice cream maker just doesn't work! I was really looking forward to making low-carb ice cream, but, no dice. At the end of the 25-30 minutes, still just totally liquid sweetened half-and-half.  I've kept the freezer bowl in the freezer for a week, used the most basic recipes, even with sugar, just in case that was the problem. I've tried about 6 times with different ingredients, chilling it all, adding flavorings and sweeteners only at the end.  A couple of times I ended up with butter because I just couldn't believe that a cuisinart product could fail so utterly and I just kept it turning. What a disappointment!  On the plus side, I've found I can salvage the ingredients in two ways.  First and simplest, just pour it into popsicle molds and freeze those.  Not creamy in texture, but still a nice frozen treat.  The other method I learned at our local children's science museum.  Put the cream mix into a zip-loc bag.  Tak another large zip-loc bag and put in a couple dozen ice cubes, and 1/3 cup of salt--just regular table salt works totally fine.  Put the yummy bag into the bag of ice. Now shake it for about 10 minutes, until it turns into ice cream.  If you wish, you can use a pair of legging-type pants for a convenient shaker.  Turn the pants half-way inside out, so that one leg is inside the other.  Put the double bag into the middle of the leg, grab both ends and shake. You don't have to shake very vigorously. Check to see how it's coming along every 5 minutes or so.  Once it's frozen, open the salt-water bag, take out the ice cream bag and give it a quick rinse to wash away the salt.  Voila!", "I have wanted one of these for a long time but the price was too high.  Costco finally started carrying them for around $30, so I decided I wasn't out much if I didn't like it.Works great.  I love homemade ice cream but it is such a pain to make, especially since I am single.  The ice cream freezes great if you use an airtight bowl and still tastes freshly made.  Stays pretty soft as well, almost like having tasty soft serve ice cream.  I make the basic vanilla and cut the recipe in half and cut the time down in the machine to about 20 minutes and it works out great for a single person.  You have ice cream to eat on the spot and leftovers for a couple more bowls.One thing I don't like about the recipes in the book is they are all high calorie.  They call for whole milk and heavy cream.  I am going to try the one suggestion next time and use half and half instead of cream and see if that works to cut down on the calories", "I tried this for Dr. Atkins &quot;diet&quot; ice cream (egg custard sweetened with artificial sweetner) and was surprised how well it worked. The freezer is a variation on the popular &quot;Donvier&quot; type ice cream makers with a cold insert that is previously frozen and a churn paddle that stirs the mixture and shell-freezes it to the sides of the cold container. But instead of hand-cranking the shell-frozen ice cream, the Cuisinart has a well-designed paddle that is angled perfectly to scrape the ice cream off the sides as it freezes. In 20 minutes, you have a frozen treat that is ok for low-carb diets if you follow the recipe.A couple of hints; I froze the container well in advance, and after making the ice cream, I washed, dried and froze it again for its next use. The ice cream custard was cooled to room temp and I used a dairy thermometer to measure the temperature. Chilling the custard would have resulted in an even firmer mass, but I was impatient. In either case, non-sugar ice cream will set up very hard in the freezer, so it's best to consume it on the same day you freeze it, and serve it soon after you make it.This is a very economical alternative to expensive freezers with built-in refrigeration, and works much better than the hand version of the device.", "Ok, I am one who will pour through hundreds of reviews before making a purchase. I had a $50 giftcard (for Macy's) and have a strict policy to only use them for something I wouldn't otherwise buy.I have wanted an ice cream maker for years. I would look at them, think about them, and ultimately put them back on the shelves as I thought it was unnecessary in the scheme of life for another small appliance in my too-small kitchen.Well, expiry was upon me with the giftcard (yes, almost 2 years) and I now live in a VERY rural area, where a trip for a container of ice cream is a 40 mile round trip. Did I mention I ADORE ice cream??I finally bought this machine. My husband thought I was crazy and that I'd never use it. Made the first batch of chocolate ice cream yesterday and let me tell you it was fantastic!This will not go unused, my husband won't allow it. We both felt it was as good or better than store purchased ice cream without the chemicals they use to keep it nice for long periods of time in the freezer. Buy your milk and cream in large containers kids, you are going to a)save a little $  and  b) make a motherload of HEALTHIER ice cream. I used half and half instead of heavy cream and it was still delightful.I am on Amazon today to buy an extra freezer container. I do think that is a bit pricey and am considering the whole reconditioned unit so that I can make two batches simultaneously. It's that good.It DOES come out soupy when initially made. It's yummy that way-I dare you to not put a spoon in the top as it's whirring around, especially the first batch. Put it in another plastic container for a couple of hours if you prefer a harder consistency.Oh, as for the noise-come on people, it's NOT that loud!My standing fan makes more noise than this thing, and I'd rather hear IT whirring knowing the sweet treat awaits me!  Honestly, maybe these folks got a faulty unit, or are particularly sensitive to noise- I don't think it's noisy at all :)Only one small note to mention. When it's done try to get it out of the canister quickly because it freezes very quickly to a very hard consistency to the sides, and it takes a bit of scraping with a wooden spoon to get it off (but I had a heck of a taste test while I completed this arduous task)  ! HAHA.Buy it and enjoy, I think folks with kids would have a lot of fun with this machine letting kids come up with their own funky flavors. I know I will.", 'My daughter bought this item for me and I have used it so much.  It is so easy to use  and it makes delicious ice cream.', 'I got this ice cream maker primarily to make sorbets and the occasional batch of ice cream.  The item arrived well packed, accompanied by a very small instruction manual / recipe booklet combination.To get a feel for the machine, I first froze the freezer bowl for 24 hours at zero degrees or less.  My first attempt was a Quince sorbet from "The Sweet Life" cookbook.  I pretty much followed the recipe instructions to the letter.  I poured the chilled quince mixture into the frozen bowl with the machine running.  10 minutes passed.  20 minutes.  30 minutes.  40 minutes.  My "sorbet" was just a frozen drink.  Eventually, the freezer bowl defrosted and I had a lukewarm smoothie on my hands.Thinking it was my ability to follow a recipe, I decided to try one of the recipes in the instruction manual.  I tried the "basic vanilla".  After about 20 minutes of churning, the ice cream started to firm up.  But it never got past the soupy slush stage.  So I waited some more...another 20 minutes.  The ice cream was thicker but still a soupy mess.  After freezing the concoction for 3 hours, it was fine, but more like frozen milk than ice cream.Next, my wife stepped in and tried one of her recipes.  Chocolate ice cream.  Same results for her.  A soupy half-frozen mess.I have lost faith in this machine.  I still think the best and most reliable way to make ice cream is with one of those old style churns.  I just don\'t think this thing gets cold enough.  My parents have a different model (anotehr brand) and theirs freezes the ice cream within 15 minutes every time.Your mileage may vary, but I would be wary of this machine.', "I will not rehash what everyone else has said, but this ice cream maker is everything I could ask for. It makes ice cream and other frozen treats super fast, is easy to clean, compact, and not too loud. Sure, it's not whisper quiet, but I didn't think the noise level was unbearable and conversation is easy to hear over it. Cuisinart appliances have always seemed to be reliable so let's hope this one is no exception.", 'Gift recipient loved this product. I already had one and liked it very very much. It is easy to use and the product is great. The red choice made it an even more fun gift. I would suggest getting a second cylinder.  Keep them clean and wrapped in the freezer.', "Highly recommended! I LOVE this ice cream maker. It's so easy and the results are amazing. I like GOOD ice cream (like Haagen-Dazs)and this machine creates stellar ice cream. It rivals any of the best ice cream you can find. Even the basic recipes produce excellent ice cream. I've made mint chip, premium vanilla bean and strawberry. I do recommend using quality dairy products for best results (I use Organic Valley milk and heavy cream). Sorry, Haagen-Dazs. I won't be buying any more ice cream from you!", "This is such a great little ice cream maker.  I've used it countless times since I got it for Christmas two years ago.  It's easy, user-friendly, makes delicious ice cream.  Buy a second freezer bowl to go with it, so you always have a fully-frozen one on hand...especially if you're making more than one flavor or want two batches at once.", 'I thought it was a stupid decision - to pay over $50 for an ice cream maker when I don\'t even care for ice cream that much.  I mean, ice cream is ok, but I rarely purchase it because I\'m not crazy about it and even the "all natural" ones seem pretty fake to me (tara gum??? what the heck does that taste like?)  I\'m a "real food" fan, and I like to know what\'s in it - even my desserts.  Anyway, I didn\'t hold out much hope when I got it and read the recipes that came with it - I mean, sugary milk is sugary milk (add chocolate, vanilla, etc to spice it up a bit, but no big deal, right?)  Before I made my first batch, I looked up ice cream recipes on the internet and was surprised at the differences in recipes.  Many of the highest rated ones had eggs as an ingredient.  Now we were getting somewhere - eggs add a lot of flavor if you do it right.  So, I made up my own recipe for my first batch of chocolate ice cream.  Oh! My! Gosh!  I have never, ever, ever, had ice cream that tasted so good.  It was the richest, creamiest ice cream.  My husband actually complained that he could only eat a small bowl because it was so rich.  By rich, I mean a deep chocolately flavor - sweet, but not too sweet.  My next recipe I tried (and made up) was Butter Pecan.  Oh! My! Gosh!  My adult son who says he had never had butter pecan ice cream (not sure if that\'s true - I\'m thinking as a kid he may have tasted some) - took one bite and his eyes widened while he just about drooled all over himself - he said that was the best tasting ice cream he had ever had.  The most recent recipe I made was one of the ones in the little booklet that came with the machine - "simple chocolate ice cream" - and it is, in flavor and everything.  My husband loves it - because he can eat more of it (it\'s not rich at all).  But to me, it tastes more like flavored ice milk - it\'s just not creamy at all.All of the recipes that I have tried have frozen well - I don\'t get bricks of ice, and just a few minutes of sitting out before I scoop some out makes it really easy to do.So, I guess it wasn\'t a stupid decision after all - I will definitely get my money\'s worth out of it.  Here are my two modified recipes for the Chocolate and Butter Pecan if you want to try it for yourself:CHOCOLATE ICE CREAM:3/4 cup cocoa powder (baking cocoa), sifted1/2 cup granulated sugar1/3 cup packed dark brown sugarpinch of salt1 cup half and half2 cups heavy whipping cream3 eggs1/2 tablespoon pure vanilla extractAdd sugar (white and brown), cocoa powder, salt, half & half and heavy cream to a pot, heat over medium-low, stirring constantly, until just bubbly.  Reduce heat.  Put 3 eggs* in a bowl, blend with a fork, then slowly add some of the hot cream mixture to the eggs.  Stir, add a little more, stir - all in all, you want to blend in at least half of the cream mixture.  Then pour it all back in the pot, and slowly increase heat until it just starts to bubble.  Remove from heat, add vanilla, stir.  Cool in refrigerator several hours, then follow machine instructions.___________________________BUTTER PECAN ICE CREAM2 tablespoons butter1 cup pecan halvessalt1 cup half & half3/4 cup granulated sugar2 cups heavy whipping cream3 eggs1 tablespoon pure vanilla extractAdd sugar a pinch of salt, half & half and heavy cream to a pot, heat over medium-low, stirring constantly, until just bubbly.  Reduce heat.  Put 3 eggs* in a bowl, blend with a fork, then slowly add some of the hot cream mixture to the eggs.  Stir, add a little more, stir - all in all, you want to blend in at least half of the cream mixture.  Then pour it all back in the pot, and slowly increase heat until it just starts to bubble.  Remove from heat, add vanilla, stir.In a small skillet over medium-low heat, melt butter and add pecans.  Salt the pecans and stir constantly for several minutes to "roast" the nuts. (You can be doing this at the same time as making the cream mixture.)Keep cream mixture and nuts separate, and cool both in refrigerator several hours, then follow machine instructions (don\'t add the nuts until the very last few minutes of making the ice cream.)_____________________________*Note about eggs - I use backyard chicken eggs which I think have a lot to do with the flavor.  I\'m also not concerned about salmonella from these.  I don\'t separate the eggs, and if you do it right, there\'s no need.  But one time I got side-tracked and the cream mixture got too hot after I added the eggs - which caused the whites to harden like a cooked egg.  I just skimmed the hard whites out with a slotted spoon, and briefly blended with a stick blender (like 2 second blasts) to break up any remaining.  Be careful you don\'t blend too long if you do this or you\'ll cream it too soon.__________________________Interestingly, I ordered the ice cream maker pictured here, but was shipped this one instead:Cuisinart ICE 21 Frozen Yogurt Ice Sorbet', "Love, love, LOVE this ice cream maker.  Very easy to use and clean and good basic recipes included in the appliance's booklet.  If you want a lighter ice cream that doesn't have such a fatty aftertaste, however, try 1/2 & 1/2 instead of heavy cream.  I wish Cuisinart would include some vegan options using almond and coconut milk, too.", 'Just had our first batch of ice cream from this product. All I can say is "WOW". Easy to use, great end results and fun. My husband couldn\'t tell the difference between this ice cream and the store bought kinds. I would highly recommend this to anyone for ease of use and cleanup.', 'This is a very simple machine that does what it\'s supposed to with very little fuss.  I put the frozen bowl part in our upright freezer at least a few hours before I expect to make ice cream.  I make the custard for the ice cream at the same time.  After dinner, I put the frozen part on the stand, put in the mixing blade and top with the lid.  Then I pour the custard in and 20-30 minutes later we enjoy fresh ice cream with no additives.  If you want ice cream that is harder than soft serve, it will need to "ripen" a bit more in your freezer.  But this is a delightful machine that I highly recommend.  I never made ice cream before it, and never want to buy it from a grocery again.', "This product is getting great reviews for good reason. Here are a few tips I've discovered along the way. First, freeze the bowl overnight. Second, chill your ingredients in the freezer for 20 minutes or so to ensure they are thoroughly chilled. Use pure vanilla, not imitation vanilla extract. In doing both of these things, I've found I've been able to create soft serve ice cream, which I then freeze for a couple of hours for a hard serve. In not doing these things, I've found that I create milkshakes, and that ain't bad! It's just not always what one wants. To get good quality ice cream with little hassle is a real treat! My only disappointment? That sorbet isn't low calorie. Amazingly, the recipes in the instruction manual show sorbet and frozen yogurt are on par calorically with homemade ice cream at about 215 calories per 1/2 cup serving. Sugar substitutes could help reduce calories significantly, and I'll experiment with those recipes.", 'The fruit of this labor has been enjoyed by family and friends who are so glad I went into sharing ice cream.', "This is an excellent little machine that makes just enough icecream for my family and I know exactly what goes in it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the manual states the bowl will be ready between 6 and 22 hours. I tried using it after 6 and 12 hours. At 6 hours it did not do anything with the blended mixture. Obviously it was not frozen enough. At 12 hours, I got the outside of the mixture sticking to the bowl and the core of the mixture not churned/frozen. This may not be an issue for everyone, but with our freezer and our bowl it takes a good 20 to 24 hours of the bowl being in the freezer to get the icecream just right.", "I love this machine!  I am an ice-cream nut, so I'm a little bit biased - but only since this machine makes making ice cream so easy!  You do have to freeze the bowl beforehand, which is a slight inconvenience, but unless you're planning to make a ton of ice cream all at the same time it's no big deal.  It also makes GOOD ice cream - I haven't had a complaint yet! Highly recommend!", "I bought this ice cream maker on Amazon close to two years ago and it is still going strong and making great ice cream! I use it at least twice a week and the ice cream comes out perfect every time. When first made, the ice cream is about the consistency of soft serve or a Wendy's Frosty. That's just fine with me, the flavor is best this way. After freezing whatever is left of the batch, the consistency is like store bought ice cream. I do not do anything fancy with it, just follow the directions in the included booklet for basic vanilla ice cream. In fact, the recipe calls for heavy cream and whole milk but I substitute 1 cup Half & Half and 2 cups low fat (2%) milk to keep it lower cal, and the consistency is still plenty smooth!Like other reviewers have said, be sure to freeze that container for plenty of time before using. Otherwise the ice cream will be real runny. I try to freeze it for 24 hours before use. As long as the directions are followed on this machine, it makes great ice cream every time. Highly recommend it. This is by far my most used kitchen gadget. Love it! Am going to buy another one as a gift right now.", "While I love the ice cream this machine makes, the motor has a lot of problems. On only its second use, the motor hummed and wouldn't start for several minutes. It did this consistently over the next year but would start up after 5 or 10 minutes. However, now the motor just stops halfway through the process because it's overheating too quickly. Maybe I just got a lemon, but this is a pretty poor motor.", "I actually have the red model with 2 freezer inserts.  It's a very simple machine with only 4 parts and is easy to clean.  The only thing you have to remember is to keep the freezer inserts in the freezer and that the ice cream will be soft when finished churning.  I put my finished ice cream in containers in the freezer and they're ready to eat in a couple of hours.  I wasn't all that happy with the recipes I found in the booklet (didn't want to use heavy cream or cook the base) but there are skazillions of recipes on line and after some trial and error I made up my own.  I saw some people complained of the noise, but it's not all that loud and it only churns for 30 minutes.  Here's the link to my ice cream recipe (makes 2 inserts worth of ice cream) if you're interested.  [...]  I am very happy with this purchase.", "This counter-top ice-cream maker works pretty well.  It works best if you make sure that the bowl is 100% frozen solid, which means leaving it in the freezer at least overnight.  Also once you've made your mix, put that in the freezer too for a little while so it's very cold.  I also add the mix to the bowl and then the paddle and then the lid, because if you try to pour it in thru the hole in the lid, like the directions say, you end up with a mess all over the counter.Another thing I've learned is don't even attempt to make the 'kids' ice cream recipe in the book, the one that uses instant pudding mix.  This just makes cement.  You can't eat it and it practically ruined the bowl!  I had to soak it in boiling water and scrape it off with a metal scraper! What a disaster!The easiest, creamiest ice cream recipe is just to use 2 cups heavy cream 1 cup half and half, 3/4 cup fine ground sugar and 2 tbsps of real vanilla extract.  Easy. Creamy. Yummy.  Enjoy!!", 'I bought this ice cream maker after I took an Ice Cream, Gelato and Sorbet class at Sur La Table cooking store.  Because we were making so many different types of desserts, we had several ice cream makers working in the classroom at the same time.  This ice cream maker was by far my favorite that day and I bought it about a week later.I liked the ease of adding ingredients through the opening on the top and the size is perfect for me.I have used my new ice cream maker with no problems.  The bowl froze easily (probably in less than 24 hours) in the bottom and back of the freezer.  Within about 20 minutes, I had wonderfully frozen ice cream.I certainly plan on getting more adventurous with my ingredients and do not anticipate any problems with this wonderful machine.', 'Buy this ice cream maker!  I considered purchasing an ice cream maker for over 5 years and I FINALLY convinced myself that it was worth it.  I should have bought this years ago.  I originally thought I\'d seldom use it, but it\'s very easy to use and turns out great tasting results!I have no complaints.  I love making desserts and ice cream is easier than baking, and a great way to avoid heating up your kitchen during the summer when you want a homemade dessert.  The recipe book included with the unit has great basic ideas (I especially enjoy the Coffee Ice Cream, I add toffee to mine).  From there, the possibilities are endless!If you can measure, you can make ice cream.  The most basic ice creams have 3 or 4 ingredients and if you are the type who enjoys stopping at expensive ice cream shops for gourmet flavors, this unit will save you money in the long run.  The 1.5 quart capacity makes just enough ice cream for you to satisfy your craving without over-indulging (and maybe share with friends and family!).Oh, yes, the machine is a bit loud, but it only takes 20 minutes to make a batch.  The noise reminds me to keep checking my ice cream to see if it\'s "done".  Doesn\'t bother me at all.Bottom line... great price, good ice cream, you can\'t go wrong with this!', "I've made vanilla, strawberry (using fresh strawberries) and chocolate ice cream in this machine and it was all yummy. I just used the recipes that came with the machine. So far, the strawberry was the best. Each batch consistently took 25 minutes to make. It's easy to use and easy to clean. I bought the red unit which adds a fun color to my kitchen when not in use. The opening at the top is also convenient for scooping up a spoonful of ice cream for tasting without turning the unit off. I'm sorry I didn't buy this sooner. I love how simple and easy it is to use. I'm going to start experimenting with my own recipes now that I've got the hang of it.The only very minor downside is that it's a little noisy while it's running so you can't really enjoy a quiet meal and make dessert at the same time unless you can stick it in a another room. But I just make a batch early before dinner and store it in the freezer while we're eating.", "I bought this machine for my husband following the recommendations here. Consequently I also bought him the extra freezing container and two books of recipes,one being the Ben and Jerry's book. So far he has produced several excellent batches of ice cream. We are delighted and impressed! It's so easy and so much fun!", 'Lets start by saying I hate gadjets, took me years to buy a food processor. But my sister is on chemo, and I found out she dislikes the taste of commercial ice cream, even the expensive stuff. SO I bought this , and made a batch of strawbeerry, an instant hit.the machine is easy to use,and it arrived in the mail in one day!! I followed all the reviews that said "chill everything" be careful not to over fill, it makes a bit of mess, and have nice strawberry ice cream , and the bowl is cold in six hours, so I will make peach tonight.I can see this machine is a winner, sorbet and fresh fruit ice cream, with less sugar and no preservatives will capitvate us all summer.( and four sessions of chemo).oh, I borrowed the ben and jerrys book from the library, and now need a copy, its easy and not confusing at all. I love to cook, but don\'t need complicated cooking with a sick sister.**** for fathers day I made a 1/2 batch of strawberry ice cream, prechilled the cream mix, added strwberries the last 2 minutes and we had perfect  ice cream out of the mixer.***so PRECHILL THE CREAM BASE, AND ADD FRUIT AT THE LAST SECOND AND DO NOT OVERLOAD THE MACHINE.', 'I bought my ice cream maker years ago and have never had a problem! In fact, I bought one for my Mom a year or so afterwards. They both get a lot of use and get high marks all around!', 'This is our 2nd Cuisinart ice cream maker. We lost a part on our first during a move, tried a couple alternate brands, and ended up buying another Cuisinart as the other brands just didn\'t work as well for us.We found that the bowl on this brand seems to freeze more solid, thus making thicker ice cream despite the ambient temperature of the room. The others we used would barely hit super soft serve on hot days, whereas this will get to super thick soft serve.Additionally, it just seems to be more sturdy and the motor isn\'t quite as loud as the others we\'d tried (but it\'s not whisper soft by any means)In addition, we\'re dairy free, so have to make non-animal milk ice creams. We reverse engineered coconut bliss coconut ice cream (coconut milk based) and it is incredibly good! Everyone we\'ve made it for has loved it - even die hard "real" ice cream fans!Here is our recipe for those interested:Note: This recipe is sized to work in this specific Cuisinart home ice cream maker & makes about a pint and a half or so...one big and one little can of coconut milkvanilla 1 tspagave 3 1/2 tbsp, and 9 drops of stevia (to decrease the overall sugars)4 tbsp cocoa powder (we use raw, organic)1/4 tsp Himalayan pink salt1/2 tsp hazelnut or almond extract (makes the overall flavor more rich and full)optional - 2 tbsp of kefir or yogurt (we use coconut milk kefir - gives an added richness)Stir all in a bowl until well mixed, add to ice cream maker bowl, turn on and proceed as usual.  YUM!!(no cooking or creepy ingredients required!)', "I inherited one of these that was my grandma's and I am already thinking of buying a second bowl since I have been making ice cream so frequently. This is just as easy as running to the store and buying a carton of additive-packed ice cream. Freeze the bowl, mix your ingredients, fire it up, add your mixture, blend-blend-blend, ice cream. The owner's manual comes with many recipes and with sites like Pinterest I have discovered many more. One of my favorites is 1 cup frozen pink lemonade concentrate, 3 cups milk, and 3 tbsp Splenda for a tangy frozen treat. I use fat free milk, so I tend to get 'icier' blends than using full fat milk for creamier results, but softening at room temp for a minute or two makes it very easy to scoop and a batch lasts about a week (mostly because it is my daily treat). A tip: do not use a metal sppon to scrape the bowl, it will leave unsightly scratch marks. Hopefully I did not ruin my bowl by doing that.", "If you want to wow your dinner guests, whip up a batch of the strawberry sorbet.  The recipe's included in the manual.  You won't be disappointed.  I purchased this item from another online retailer and bought it refurbished.  It works terrific and I'm very pleased with my purchase.", 'If you want a frustrating failed experience trying to make ice cream, buy this ICE-20.  The most critical part, the paddle, is made of pure junk plastic. It is as strong as an ice cream stick and breaks just as easily.Cuisinart has no business marketing such inferior trash to the public.They have sullied their reputation with the ICE-20.', "I love this because you decide on the ratio of cream to milk & how much sugar/sweeterner to add.  Also, I always store mine in the freezer so it is ready to go whenever anybody wants to make ice cream.  It's so simple that my kids can mix the 4 ingredients in the blender, pour it into the frozen bowl, turn it on, & 25 minutes later, you've got delicious ice cream.  Add extra mix-ins at the end for a variety of flavors.  We love it & there's nothing better on a hot summer night.", "I bought 2 of these so I would always have one chilled and ready to go. I really like how fast it makes ice cream. I use both of the bowls and keep the second unit in storage as a replacement when this one wears out. Its not that much more to buy 2 units compared with buying an extra freezer bowl. So I should be making frozen desserts for years.I also make frozen yogurt and pudding ice cream. The texture is just right when its finished. I added frozen fruit at the end and it was great.It does get firmer if you put it into the freezer. So I put it into individual portions and that way I don't have to deal with a block.Clean up is easy", 'thats how good this is. i gave it to my sister after gaining a few pounds of making delicioso ice cream for one summer. my favorite is vanilla bean. this machine works and it is inexpensive and its awesome to be able to make ice cream in my own home. I will get an updated model of this next summer (after i workout intensely for 3 months).', "I bought this as a Christmas present to myself last year. It's easy to use, makes great ice cream, and the design is simple, so there aren't many complicated mechanical things going on that are in danger of screwing up. It was a great price, and now I can make whatever weird flavored ice cream I can think of. If you want to control the fat/carb/preservative/etc. content, you can do that (but why would you WANT to?!?).Be prepared to make space in your freezer for the bowl and for your collection of home made ice cream. Within a day or two of buying this, I had about 5 or 6 different flavors in the freezer.Pros- easy to use, easy to clean, simple design, great priceCons- freezer bowl can hog limited freezer space", "I really was not expecting the quality of product I received in the Cuisinart ICE-20R Ice Cream Maker... I was buying on the name recognition only, best price, and expected a glorified toy.  But, this little machine is not only cute... it is EASY to use and delivers! It's truly a professional kitchen appliance that works like a charm!  In addition, it is easy to use... just pour in the recipe... flip the switch... 25 minutes later you're eating the real deal.", "I was SO EXCITED when I received this in the mail because I'm vegan and in order to have great and wonderful ice cream flavors - I have to make them.  In the first few months - I must have tried about a dozen recipes - some good and some bad, but none were any fault of this ice cream maker.  Once I learned that you have to put the freezing compartment in the BACK of the freezer and make sure it stays there for at least a couple days between uses - I no longer had soupy ice cream.  Once I learned that you absolutely have to have a decent fat source in every recipe (no low-cal stuff here) - I no longer had hard ice cream that needed an ice pick to be chipped out.  From chocolate candy cane, to cinnamon apple crumble, to avocado (yes!) - this ice cream maker helped my vegan ice cream dreams come true.  I gave only 4 stars simply because, with this design, there is no way to prevent ice cream from gathering on the edges and keeping the middle from getting as cold as it could.  With better side-scrapers or some kind of middle-freeze-chamber - it could be better.", "I chilled the ingredients and the bowl prior to use, and only had to leave the ice cream maker on 15 minutes ! After trying the custard base ice cream and the yogurt, I'd say I prefer the yogurt base better.  Why  you might ask ??  I had difficulty not boiling the custard and also determining if it was thick enough to remove from the heat. Too much stress and time for me !  The texture and flavor to me was similar.I already had beautiful homemade yogurt in my fridge (courtesy of Saltons yogurt maker and AMAZON.) Try the chocolate frozen yogurt included in the booklet, tart yet sweet, yum.Ease of use is a definite 5 star.  All of the parts washed up nicely and went together quickly. The noise is a 3.  I ran it while showering at 6:00 a.m.  Would I run it during dinner etc. no.I would recommend this product and purchase again.", "Without a doubt, this is a great appliance!  Mine was a gift, but Amazon's price is the best (as is the service).  It works exactly as Cuisinart says it will and what more can you ask than honesty.The bowl freezes quickly in my upright freezer.  Some reviews say their bowl never freezes solid.  Perhaps their freezers need adjusting?  In fact, after making ice cream (about 20 minutes) my bowl is still mostly frozen.Recipes do not seem to be as important as when baking, so don't be afraid to try something innovative.  Start with a proven recipe to get the feel of it, then improvise.We are healthy eaters.  It's nice to know the ingredients I'm using are healthy.  It's also nice to be able to adjust the sweetness to our liking.Have fun!", 'I and my family have had a blast with this ice cream maker! We have been making up some of our own recipes as well as using those supplied with the machine and some from Ben & Jerry\'s recipe book. The savings over store bought ice cream is phenomenal too. I only have one small exception to our "eye blasting red" ice cream maker (and it is indeed a small exception). It could be perhaps be a bit quieter... On the other hand, it is readily apparent by the change in the "noise" the machine makes, that your delectable treat is ready to decant!GET IT, MAKE IT, LOVE IT...  then do it again!', "I bought this for my elderly mother and she loves it!  It's working wonderfuly and making some fantastic ice cream.  She can see it make the ice cream from the top.  I'm sure it would be fun for kids to watch as well.  No problems at all with it.  Everyone should have one of these.", "The cream seems to freeze the the sides really quickly, which makes the top do this crazy clunky noise that seems.... wrong. Plus the ice cream doesn't always turn out perfect. Which could be a user error.... So keep that in mind!", 'Do not buy this piece of crap. It\'s a waste of money. Yes, in theory, it can make ice cream, but not the ice cream that\'s worth the time and effort. I consistently got batches of ice cream that were "icy." NO, this was not a temperature problem. I would chill my custard for well over a day, and I would leave the bowl in the freezer for weeks. So, if you\'re looking for an ice cream that will not knock your socks off, this is not the machine. If you want something that will make quick "icy" ice cream, then this is your machine. You\'re better off with the old ice and rock salt ice cram makers; at least those machines can make ice cream that\'s smooth. Incredibly poor designing by cuisinart. I expect better from them; the paddle design seems to be the crux of the problem. The paddle doesn\'t adequately scrap the sides of the bowl.  Also, I can\'t believe how many people have actually said they liked this thing. Low expectations I guess.', "Take some chocolate milk, cool whip and eagle brand milk.  Mix together and pour in the ICE-20.  In appr. 25 minutes you have ice cream that tastes like a Wendy's Frosty.  Keep excess mixture in frig for later.  It actually tastes better after being in the frig overnight.  I was amazed how easy the ICE-20  is to clean.  No salt to rinse out, no ice - just some great, smooth, wonderful ice cream.  After ice cream is made, you just rinse the bowl with hot water, dry and return to the freezer for the next time. The paddle and lid are also very easy to clean.  The manual says to keep the bowl in a plastic bag to prevent freezer burn.  I have had my ice cream maker for appr. one month and I could not be happier so far.", "One of the best things about homemade ice cream and ice is that they seem to encourage people to join in making them. When I first started using mine for dinner parties, I would apologetically excuse myself, duck in the kitchen, muffle the noise of the freezer with a towel and scoot back every so often to check on progress.What I discovered was that people like to gather around the thing while it's running, so now I simply hand people a drink while I get the ingredients and we all stand around watching dessert happen.This last-minute approach has another advantage: it gives you incredible freedom when it comes to recipes. You see, the chemistry of freezing foods has its own set of built-in limits. You need to add appropriate amounts of sugar and alcohol to lower the freezing point of your mixture so that you get an ice and not an ice cube*.Making your ice just before you serve it allows you a lot of freedom. Since you'll be serving it right away, you can stop the machine whenever the mixture looks right. The whole process is really easy, so if you buy an extra bowl, you can experiment with  different flavors in one meal or even try some unsweetened ices in the middle of a meal. (Cucumber puree frozen with mint in the middle of a July 4th dinner turns out to be a million times better than it sounds.)Be sure to allow enough time beforehand  for bowls to chill in the freezer and make sure all ingredients are cold before you start.Lynn Hoffman, author of The New Short Course in Wine*A great source of explanation of freezing foods and some recipes is Harold McGee's The Curious Cook.", "I have purchased this ice-cream maker refurbished from Amazon.com and it works great.  It is very quiet (a bit louder than your average microwave) and doesn't take up much counter space.  However, it is definitely not for impulse ice-cream eaters.  You have to pre-freeze the maker's bowl for about 12 hours prior to making ice-cream and all the ingredients you pour into the maker have to be chilled for at least an hour or two, and then it takes about half an hour to an hour for the ice-cream to solidify.The maker comes with a small instruction booklet and some recipes.  The recipes are by no means plentiful but offer an idea how to make good ice-cream.  If you know anything about cooking, it won't be too hard for you to figure out new recipes, but if you don't, you can always buy one of the ice-cream recipe books.The good thing about this maker is that you control exactly what goes into your ice-cream, so it's an alternative if you're on a diet (whether to lose weight or just can't eat walnuts).  If make the ingredients before making dinner and have the bowl pre-frozen, you can let the ice-cream set during your dinner and end up having a nice dessert afterwards.  It's great family fun, from what I hear.The only downside though is that most ice-cream you make in this maker comes out a bit too soft and requires further freezing in the freezer (about 2 hours).  So if you like your ice-cream vey solid, you are probably better off just getting a pint of Ben & Jerry's.", 'First, this is a very cute machine. I bought the red one and it looks very nice on my countertop. I was worried it might be loud after reading a review, but it is NOT - not at all. We made lemon sorbet and it turned out great. The only thing is, I recommend using 1/4 cup less sugar than the recipe says, because it was quite sweet. The sorbet was yummy and fresh, and the most delectable fresh lemon aroma drifted from the machine as it churned away. Yesterday we made vanilla ice cream, and it was delicious. It is so cool to watch it firm up and fun to count down the seconds at the finish. With summer approaching, this will be a fun machine to have around for the kids and guests! Making ice cream and other frozen treats was never so easy and fun!', 'I am adding comments on 7/27/08 to my original from April 2006:  If I only used this machine once a year, it would deserve the space it occupies on my kitchen counter.  I probably only use it about 3-4 times a year, but I could not do without it.  I just finished making Nigella Lawson\'s (Food TV) Margarita ice cream.  If you have any doubts about an ice cream maker, get that recipe and try it, you\'ll be glad you got the ice cream machine.  Again, I recommend the Ben & Jerry\'s ice cream recipe book to go with it!------------------------------I never knew ice cream could be so easy.  Someone at work shared his Ben & Jerry\'s book with me, which inspired me to get the ice cream maker.  I love this machine.  Seemed like it used to take all afternoon to crank that hand ice cream maker (back in the day) when I was a kid, now this machine does it in under 30 minutes.  I feel like Rachel Ray!  Since half gallons of ice cream at the grocery store have gone down to 56 ounces, I\'d just as soon spend my money for the ingredients to make my own.My first batch was strawberry, from the Cuisinart recipe book that came with the machine.  It was wonderful.  Just be sure to have your bowl good and frozen, one batch i had to do twice because i only left the bowl in the freezer for 18-20 hours.  Reviewer B. Pfahnl "bpfahnl" suggested putting a ziploc bag of ice cubes in the bowl when you have it in the freezer -- excellent suggestion.I do try making half batches since I live alone and don\'t need a quart and a half of ice cream at a time.  Because of the price and fat in heavy whipping cream, I use part half and half.  Still good ice cream.  And another colleague at work suggested using 1/4 cup or so of Dream Whip for smoothness.  Jury still out on that one.But it\'s all good.  Seems like you can\'t go wrong.  If you don\'t have one yet, hurry!  Before summer gets here and you really want a delicious bowl of homemake ice cream!', 'Works great...6 cups is perfect for husband and I, never been sorry for purchase.  Being Cuisinart and red helps too.I use all my recipes for the ice creams that I used years ago in the old hand crank and crushed ice  makers.', "I just received this yesterday, and after freezing the container for 6 hours we tried a batch of frozen yogurt.  I was a little apprehensive, since I'd read reviews where people were unable to get good results even after freezing the unit for 24 hours.  My first batch worked flawlessly!  The machine was quiet, operated smoothly, and it was soooo simple!  I am going to buy an extra freezing cannister so we can do two batches back-to-back.  We've been using our old electric rock salt machine, but now we'll probably get rid of it.  Also, due to the ease of using this Cuisinart maker, we'll make more of our own ice cream more often.  I recommend it.", 'The only bad thing about this ice cream maker is that it is so easy to use and the ice cream it makes is so delicious that you may find yourself making a fresh batch of ice cream a couple of times a week - and that may show up on your backside like it has mine!Seriously - with no ice or salt to mess with it is VERY easy to use.  The key to this maker is the cylinder which has walls filled with anti-freeze.  You put the cylinder into the freezer long enough to freeze it, then just put your favorite ice cream recipe into the turning cylinder and 20 minutes later you have ice cream heaven!  There\'s even an alarm that goes off a few minutes before the end that signals to you the time to add goodies - nuts, chocolate chips, fruit, or whatever you like.***ONE WORD OF WARNING ABOUT THE OPERATION***: If you do like I did and ignore the instructions you may be delayed in making your first batch:  You HAVE to start the machine (and turning the cylinder with the spatula inside) BEFORE you pour in your ice cream mix - if you DON\'T the liquid will freeze in just a few seconds, locking the spatula (and the cylinder) in place, and when you go to start the machine - it won\'t.It is incredibly easy to clean as well - pretty much just the smooth-walled cylinder and the plastic spatula, then just put the cylinder back into the freezer and it\'s ready to make your NEXT batch.The texture of the ice cream that comes from this maker even seems smoother and "ice creamier" than what I\'ve seen from any other variety of home-use ice cream machines.Great ice cream, easy to use, easy to clean - pretty doggone inexpensive.  If you have any inclination to make your own ice cream, this is the machine to have, in my humble opinion.', "Can I say more?  Well, this neat little ice cream maker doesn't take up much space on the counter when in use &amp; stores easily -- the base is no wider in diameter than a dinner plate.  The metal container portion of the ice cream maker has hollow walls that are filled with a fluid. After having it in the freezer overnight, when it's thoroughly frozen, you put it on the base, fill it with the ingredients for whatever flavor of ice cream you desire, put the mixing blade in and the top on then flip the switch. About a half hour to an hour later you have fresh delicious ice cream!  It's that simple. You can cover the original container and slip it in the freezer for later, or you can dish it out and wash and refreeze the container -- it is very easy to clean. Also, by the way, it's the best ice cream you'll ever have. Buy this as I did and you won't be sorry.", 'I greatly enjoyed a Donvier back when they were popular...this product is similar, but with the nice extra feature of doing the stirring for you! Like other reviewers have said, you need to be sure the freezer bowl is frozen solid before starting...I would put it in a freezer on a very cold setting for at least 24 hours. Refrigerate your mixture after making it for at least a couple hours. I usually run the ice cream maker until the ice cream is too hard for it to easily stir, and then take the freezer bowl out, cover it with foil and put it back in the freezer to get extra hard before serving. It comes out great, I have very little problem with ice crystals forming.', "I've had my Cuisinart ice cream maker for 5 years now and am still delighted with it!  I even bought an extra freezer bowl in case I want to make 2 flavors the same day.  I do make sure to stop the freezer after 20-25 minutes of operation or the ice cream will start to soften.  And I learned early on to chill the ingredients OVERNIGHT or the ice cream won't freeze - just gets thick.  But it's a great item, and doesn't take up much space on the counter. I'm especially happy with it since I can't eat regular ice cream because of lactose intolerance.  So I use liquid nondairy creamer to make ice cream in this freezer and it's very satisfactory!", "... is home-made ice cream. I am extremely pleased with my purchase of this simple but amazing unit. No mess, quick, easy, home made ice cream. Once you've tasted your first scoop you'll be addicted. Great for frozen drinks, too, including alcoholic drinks like pina colada and frozen Jack 'n coke.Solid construction, powerful motor. It's noisy but not too much.The ice cream from this (or any) ice cream maker comes out soft serve, but it's really true, if you put the ice cream in the freezer for another 1-2 hours, it hardens to the exact same consistency as store-bought ice cream. It's surprising the first time you try this, because you think it'll come out solid like a block of ice, but it doesn't - it's soft but scoopable.", 'The best and fastest way to make excellent ice cream and sorbet. Wonderful product!!!!!!!!!Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1-1/2-Quart Ice-Cream Maker, White', "I ordered the Cuisinart Ice Cream maker after reading all of the reviews on Amazon and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made.  To be honest, I thought that making home-made ice cream would be just too  difficult, but with the Cuisinart, I've made it three times in the past  week.  You simple mix-up the ingredients, chill, and then pour into the  pre-frozen bowl.  Perfect every time.  I highly recommend the book,  &quot;Gelato! : Italian Ice Cream, Sorbetti &amp; Granite&quot; by Pamela  Sheldon Johns as a great add-on.  I ordered the book with the hope of being  able to duplicate the Stracciatella(?) Gelato I had while on vacation in  Italy.  The recipe was simple (heavy cream, milk, sugar, vanilla, and  shaved chocolate) and the results were fabulous.This machine would  make a great gift as well!", 'It works perfectly. The batch is enough for a family, well assuming everybody get a regular size cup. You have to freeze the container for a day, but it is an unexpensive machine compare to those freezer units which cost a lot more.', 'I bought mine at bed, bath & beyond for $ 40.00. This is the best ice cream I have ever tasted.The ice cream comes out soft serve, but if you will freeze for a few hours it comes out hard just like store bought.My kids love the lemon sorbets. I would buy this product again & again.', "Soft serve at best is what this unit does. I followed the instructions to the letter. The freezer container was kept at 0 degrees for &#62;24 hours. The mix was kept in the frid for 6 hours to hopefully assist in keeping things cold. The unit works well and within 15 minutes I had a nice batch of soft serve. However all the unit does is save you the trouble of mixing the batch by hand. I think Ice Cream means it shouldn't flow out of the container until it melts. This it pour-able into a dish. On a hot day of say 85 degrees, this wouldn't last long enough to lick a cone of it before it was running down your arm. I can deal with hand mixing from now on and placing the batch in the freezer and waiting.", "I picked this up at the start of summer. i've made quite a few batches of ice cream. My favorites come from the Ben & Jerry cook book. There are a lot of benefits from making your own ice cream. it's cheaper. It's rewarding. It's healthier too. Even if you make the most decadent ice creams, you're still using all natural ingredients with no preservatives.There are some tricks to this machine that greatly help performance.#1 Make sure the bowl is frozen. Leave it overnight. Shake it and if anything sloshes, it's not ready.#2 Chill all ingredients. Even if the ingredients just came from the fridge, put the batter back in. I test my batter to make sure it's 35-38 degrees before starting. This will make the freezing process more gradual, which means the ice crystals will be smaller. Small crystals mean a smoother texture.#3 I let the machine work until there's little or no movement in the ice cream. This depends on how much you've got in the machine, but my recipes make the ice cream expand up above the lip of the container. When ice cream forms over the paddle and doesn't get folded back in, that's when I turn it off.#4 Let it firm up in the freezer for 4-6 hours. IT WILL BE SOFT, maybe even runny, out of the machine. I try to avoid runny, so next time either let the machine run longer or your kitchen may be too warm. Why is runny bad?  Runny is liquid and you want to try and keep air in the ice cream, so the firmer it is going in, the better. Get it in the freezer fast. Also resist the urge to pack the ice cream down, with either a utensil or by dropping it on the counter. A smooth surface may look nice, but you want to keep air in the ice cream. The air is what makes it easy to scoop and gives it a good texture.#5 Put the bowl in a plastic bag while in freezer. This keep the frost out and improves taste. Make sure it's completely dry before going back in the freezer.#6 I'd also recommend going all out and using rich cream batters. These have the least water and will have the best texture. I'd prefer one scoop of really good ice cream to 4 of a crappy sorbet.#7 Add solid stuff near the end. Wait until the last 1/2 of freezing to add your berries, chips, etc. This will help to evenly distribute stuff throughout the mixture. I like to make strawberry, so I mash my berries, drizzle in the juice, then put the mush in during the last 1/2 of the cycle.#8 Store ice cream in an air tight container with plastic wrap pushed down to the surface. I use 1.5 quart Rubbermade  containers. They fit perfectly and allow the least amount of freezer air to touch the ice cream. Fat easily obsorbs oders and can make your ice cream taste funky. You could just keep it in the bowl, but I wouldn't do that unless you plan to eat it all later that day. Plus, the sooner you get the bowl clean and back in the freezer, the sooner you can make more ice cream!I've used a GE model that had two speeds. The slower speed seemed to freeze better. I also know of some machines that have a reverse function. I would be interested in checking these out if this one ever dies.Mine came with an extra bowl, which is nice to have one always frozen.In all, a great purchase and a pretty good price. Haven't bought ice cream from the store since.", 'In a cooking class, I shared a table with a lady who regaled me with all the different flavors of ice cream she experimented with. That idea appealed to me so that I went straight to Amazon and bought my first ice cream maker. Just two days ago, my Cuisanart Ice Cream Maker (1 1/2 quart) arrived and the freezer bowl went straight into the freezer.  This ice cream maker is very easy to use and comes with very clear instructions. I discovered that you must follow the instructions exactly.  The "blade" must be seated in the bowl, the lid put on, and the power turned on in that exact sequence before pouring the "batter" into the freezer bowl.  If that sequence is not followed the lid won\'t fit properly.  One of the real plus factors of this product is that it is easy to make only a pint at a time, since I am experimenting with a variety of flavors.  The fact that the ice cream is soft when finished is also a plus factor for me because it is then easy to pour the ice cream into my pint containers. If the finished product were as solid as it becomes after going back into the freezer, it would be too hard to get the ice cream out of the freezer bowl and into the pint containers.  I have make five pint batches of ice cream in seven days and couldn\'t be happier with this maker.', "This was a good purchase and the recipe book is great! I've made half of them now; some were awesome, some good, some didn't work. The only negative was that it was pretty loud and it got hot around the base after 10 minutes or so, which I found strange. An ice cream maker shouldn't get hot! The ice cream is still really yummy, but the machine could use a few mechanical tweeks. Overall, for $60, it does the job and there haven't been any major problems!", 'I purchased this ice cream maker so that my husband and I can enjoy low or no carb ice cream. It makes the best ice cream, easy clean up. The one thing I did wrong the first time I attempted to use it was to pour the mix in BEFORE turning on the machine---NOT VERY SMART! The mixture froze along the bottom and sides in no time, and my machine jammed. After that first fiasco, my homemade ice cream has been yummy!', "Use your favorite soda to make great slushies.  No diet though. It doesn't work. Needs sugar to keep it loose.  My kids love it!!!!You could even use Lemonade flavored with sugar or for adults frozen Marguarita's.  We love our Ice Cream Maker!", "This is a great little machine.  Without the hassle of using ice or salt, you're always ready to whip up some homemade ice cream!  I've made variations of vanilla, eggnog, lemon, cinnamon, dulce de leche, and others in this.  This machine makes ice-cream making SO much fun. I highly recommend this!", 'I would not recommend buying this ice cream maker.  It is made entirely out of cheap plastic and the motor sounds like a dentist drill.  Even the canister is made out of plastic and now there are scratches in it from when I scooped the ice cream out with a metal spoon.  I followed the directions exactly and after 1 hour it was still liquid.The next time I used it (again having the canister in the freezer for 24 hours prior to making the recipe), I put the mixture in the canister and then put it in the freezer and covered it with tin foil.  I hand-stirred the mixture every 10 minutes and after 1 hour, it was done.Instead of buying this product, I would recommend mixing the ingredients together and then putting it in a plain plastic container directly in the freezer.  It will take 8-10 hours for it to harden.  You can use the following recipe to start:10 oz plain frozen strawberries (slightly thawed)1/2 cup sugar10 oz heavy whipping creamPuree the strawberries and sugar.  Mix in the whipping cream with the other ingredients for about 2 minutes or until the whipping cream thickens.  Pour into a plastic container and place in the freezer.  You may wish to stir the mixture every 2 hours so that it hardens more quickly.', 'Great, quick machine.  A little noisy, but similar to most ice cream machines...except makes fresh ice cream in 20-30 minutes!', 'I bought this for my husband who is an ice cream junkie! We have both made ice cream the old fashioned way and the Cuisinart is so easy! We keep the bowl in the freezer ready to go! The bowl does need to freeze at least overnight. We run the ice cream maker for 30 min. It makes a nice soft serve ice cream, if you want it firmer put it in a container the freezer. The unit cleans up easily. I give this 5 stars!', "All you need to know is that mine broke the first time I used it. The clear top didn't fit on the base and when I went to dismantle the inner arm it broke in my hands.It may have been defective.  I don't know.  But, I certainly wouldn't recommend it.", "I was impressed with the sale price, so I bought this on a whim. An ice cream maker rookie, I was rather skeptical by the ease-of-use claims. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the product *is* easy to use and makes yummy desserts in a very short period of time [Freezing Time + 10 Minutes (Prep) + 25 Minutes (Machine)].In order to make frozen desserts (anything from ice milk to margaritas), all you have to do is freeze the bowl, assemble the machine, pour in your ingredients and turn it on. That's it.Notes:- The instruction book contains a few basic recipies, including vanilla ice cream and sherbet, to get you started. This is helpful if you want to make a batch right away.- Watch the proportions in the recipies, as they are not exact. You may want to taste your mixture before putting it into the machine. (For example, the &quot;Very Berry Frozen Yogurt&quot; recipe featured in the book asked for only a 1/4 cup of sugar -- far too little.)- The machine is *considerably* louder than you may expect. (Think blender &amp; old diswasher combined!) It would be prudent to make ice cream *before* guests come over -- or else you'll all be yelling over the din.- The machine contains no small or sharp parts. As such, small children (with your supervision) can use this to try out their cooking skills.Enjoy!", "After reading the reviews of this ice cream maker here on amazon, I decided to give it a try - after making sure my freezer was under 0 degrees, which it was.  As soon as it arrived, I cleaned the bucket and put it in the freezer, and checked the parts.  Sure, it's a bit plasticky, but that's okay with me.  Then found a recipe for sorbet, made the base and put it in the fridge.  Two hours before churning, I put the base in the freezer.After reading so many complaints about the noise, I expected something  between a vacuum cleaner and an airplane. That's why I was very pleasantly surprised at how quiet the unit is.  I talked to my son on my cell phone right next to it while it was running, and I had no problem hearing him.  Sure, it makes some noise, but nothing like a blender and quieter than our kitchen fan on medium.After 20 minutes, I checked and the mixture was thickening, so I gave it another 20 minutes.  When I was finished, my mixture had the texture of a thick milkshake, so I popped it in the freezer and it hardened right up.  After 20 minutes, the bucket was still very cold even though it was over 80 in the house.So far, so good.  I'm very happy with my ice cream maker, and look forward to a summer of icy treats :)", "I ordered this RED ice cream maker to give to my husband's daughter and family for Christmas along with a RED quesadilla maker.  I ordered the Cuisinart because a friend has the stainless one and really brags about it - makes ice cream 2 or 3 times a week - says it is EASY and GOOD!  I just know that they will have a great family time together making ice cream with the RED ice cream maker and the color couldn't be any better for a Christmas gift!  And - yes - I shop early so there's not such a rush around Christmas time!", "LOVE this ice cream maker.  I keep the bowl in the freezer in a plastic bag as recommended so it's ready when we are. Doesn't take up much room. It's the perfect size for my husband and me.  Have used the basic vanilla receipe in the instruction book with excellent results.  IT's SO EASY! I like that the top is open so I can add things, like fresh strawberries to the batch as it freezes.  I admit I wasn't sure it would work the first time, it seemed too easy, but sure enough in 25 minutes we were in ice cream heaven.  We like to transfer the ice cream to a tupperware container and stick it in the freezer for an hour or so before eating so it's firmer, but if we can't wait....  I'm sending my daughter one for a gift.  We might use our old salt and ice freezer for a planter or something.", 'Hard to stay on a diet with this on the counter.  Lots of great recipes and the ice cream and sorbet are yummy!', 'I\'ve been making homemade ice cream since 1985 when I got my Waring Ice Cream Parlor machine and the Ben & Jerry book as a birthday present. Twenty-five years later, I donated the Waring machine because I no longer had the patience to bother with all that sloppy ice cube & salty mess! (Machine still worked; donated it to my church). I did tons of online research and hands down, THIS machine got top ratings no matter what site I visited. Some places offer a 2nd bowl for an additional price but I knew I wouldn\'t need that much ice cream. VERY QUIET and made the 2nd batch of peach ice cream in record time; set timer for 30 minutes, it was done in 18 minutes! Easy to clean, very small to store; bowl is kept permanently in deep freeze at 0 degrees.NOTE: The miniscule Cuisinart recipe book that comes with this states that the bowl will be frozen within 6-12 hours. Don\'t believe it, we did and almost returned the machine! I checked the canister after 10 hours and it didn\'t slosh one bit, but after one hour of processing the cream mixture, it was no more frozen than the Equator! Saved the cream mixture to try the next day; froze it for 24 hours, and as I said above, it made a batch in 18 minutes, flat.I\'ve also noticed that although it says "generous 1.5 quart size" my recipe for 1 quart of ice cream came so close to the top of the dasher that it actually flowed over a bit. So, I\'m going to use slightly less than 1 cup measurements for the liquids when I make the next batches to avoid this problem.So far we\'ve made peach, strawberry and banana ice cream. Try using a high quality buttermilk for 1 cup of the liquid; it\'s low calorie and adds a nice twang to the end result.', "Yes, upfront I'll say it's a little noisy, but that kind of goes with the territory.  Works perfectly, just as described in the directions.  I keep the bowl in the freezer all the time now.  It doesn't take up as much room as I feared it would.  Makes great ice cream, ice milk, bases for margaritas and sorbets and of course frozen yogurt.  I highly recommend going to the trouble of making a custard based ice cream.  Once you do that you may never make it any other way.  Once you price the ingredients, I cannot honestly say making ice cream is all that much cheaper than buying it, but the quality is far superior to store bought, and you have the added bonus of knowing exactly what is in your ice cream.", '', "I have tried 4 different recipes in this machine so far.  3 were from the manual that came with the machine, and one was from the internet.  All 3 from the manual did not have very good texture.  The ice cream was not creamy and melty, it was either icy or fudgy.  I like the machine, it is easy to use, but also quite loud.  We ended up moving it in to the bathroom while it churned.  I think the recipes in the manual could use some improvement so that people don't blame the machine for the ice cream not coming out very well.  The recipe we tried that we got online was most like regular ice cream, but I didn't like that it had uncooked eggs in it.", "This Product turned out to be what I expected based on other's reviews,but it does what it says if you follow the directions carefully.The only thing is that it does not get the ice cream to a solid texture,like soft serve as other's have said,so you can freeze it more within a few hours if preferred as I did.It is slightly noisy but it does not bother me,sound can be compared to a blow dryer on low perhaps but not exact,Other than that minor issue it works pretty good and I intend to use it plenty,also I was glad to purchase it in my favorite color red.", "I have wanted one of these machines for two years. I finally got a great deal on it at Amazon, and snapped it up. Within three days, I had bought the ingredients needed to make strawberry ice cream and couldn't wait to get started.Unfortunately, the instructions are incorrect when it comes to telling you how long to freeze the bowl. It says that you can freeze it for 6-22 hours, or until you shake the bowl and can't hear any liquid sloshing around. So, I froze the bowl for 6 hours and sure enough, no sloshing. But, this is simply not enough! My strawberry ice cream tasted wonderful, but in the machine never made it past a thick liquid stage. I had to put it in the freezer for hours to get it hard enough to eat. The texture suffered, but the flavor was still great.The next time I made ice cream, I froze the bowl for two days while I was out of town. I got some really great Kaluha ice cream out of it, and I've bought a second bowl so I'll always have one ready to make frozen treats.When used correctly, this ice cream maker is wonderful! But used according to the optimistic instructions, all you get is disappointment.", "I've had one for a few weeks now, and many of the positive points of this unit have been mentioned in other reviews... it's convenient, effective, and fun. You chill the aluminum cannister in your freezer until it's frozen, dump the ingredients, and start it up.I would like to address some of the negative comments about &quot;freezing power&quot; and the lack thereof.First, all home ice-cream freezers produce a soft ice cream when they are done... this is normal, and if you read the directions in nearly every ice cream recipe, they will suggest another 2-3 hours in the freezer for the ice cream you make to harden properly. Don't expect to be able to eat it immediately.If you don't remember having to wait this long in your youth, keep in mind that White Mountain / brine-based ice cream churns typically have you &quot;pack&quot; the cannister in the brine after churning. This is much faster way to harden ice cream than putting it in a normal electric freezer because the 0 degree brine is in direct contact with the sides of the ice cream cylinder and conducts heat away much more quickly than the 0 degree air in a freezer. So 15 or 20 extra minutes in the brine may do as much good as 2-3 hours in the freezer.Second, if you end up with &quot;cold soup&quot; rather than ice cream as some have complained, you have one of two problems: either you didn't chill the ingredients in the fridge prior to freezing as reccommended in the instructions, or your freezer is set too warm. A good rule of thumb is that if your freezer is set so that premium ice cream you buy at the store (like Ben & Jerry's or Haagen Dazs) is easily scoopable, it's too warm for (a) long-term food storage, and (b) chilling a cannister. Buy a thermometer and make sure that your freezer is at 0 degrees or colder.My only negative comments about the unit are that the ice cream recipes in the book that comes with it are hit-and-miss. The quick / basic vanilla is quite poor- it would be best described as &quot;vanilla extract&quot; flavored ice cream, and because the milk isn't cooked, the texture and taste are more like a frozen whipped cream. The &quot;premium chocolate&quot; is like eating a frozen truffle... we enjoyed it, but it might be too bittersweet for kids. The sherbets are under-flavored, and the frozen yogurt is extremely yogurty and unlike what you buy commercially. Fortunately, you don't have to use their recipe. I highly recommend Alton Brown's &quot;burned peach&quot; ice cream... a quick google should find it at food.com.", 'After several failed attempts, I began to wonder if I would ever be able to make creamy dreamy ice cream at home.  Finally, I ordered the right one!  This ice cream maker really does work.  The only time it will not work is if your freezer is not set to the coldest setting.  I keep the freezer bowls in the freezer at all times, that way they are ready to go.So, set your freezer to the coldest setting two days before you intend to make the ice cream.  I also found the extra freezer bowl to be indispensable.  Instead of waiting for the ice cream mixture to cool, simply use one of the freezer bowls to cool it down and then pour it into the second freezer bowl.  This drastically speeds up the process.I also use the freezer bowl for other items I want to cool down quickly.  I use it to cool down Jello when making a Raspberry Mousse.  I have been known to place the whole contraption right into the freezer.  I guess you are not supposed to, but I am still alive.So, once you have everything all frozen, set the machine up and make sure it is on a nice level surface (in or out of the freezer).  Then, mix up your ice cream recipe.  All you do is pour the liquid into the ice cream maker and with a flick of the switch the paddle starts to turn and in about 20 to 30 minutes you will have the ice cream of your dreams.When washing out the bowl, you will notice that you have to use hot water or you may find the cold water starts to freeze on the inside.  I recommend placing a piece of plastic wrap over the top of the bowl when storing it in the freezer so there is no need to rince the bowl.  I also disobey the instructions and let the ice cream freeze until solid in the ice cream freezer bowl.  I found it just works faster that way.  That way your ice cream is ready in 40 minutes!  Yes, it takes 20-30 minutes and then 10 more minutes in the freezer.  At least that is how it goes in my kitchen.  It is still well worth the wait.  If you start the ice cream before dinner, you won\'t even notice the time.Here is a favorite recipe for a slushy.  Yes, you can make those too and it works quite well.PINK GRAPEFRUIT SLUSHUse grapefruit juice found in the cooler section of your grocery store or use fresh squeezed and strained juice. If you enjoy sitting outside and want to keep your drinks ice cold, purchase a few "gel mugs" which you can keep in the freezer.4 cups pink grapefruit juice1/4 cup orange blossom honey1/8 teaspoon vanilla extract1.  Pour grapefruit juice into a tall jug.  Heat honey in the microwave and stir into juice.2.  Set up ice cream maker.  Pour in juice, freeze 10 minutes or until slushy.  Serve in tall glasses with straws.Makes 4 glasses~The Rebecca Review', 'If you use all or mostly heavy cream, don\'t let the machine run too long.Overall, I\'m happy with this machine now that I\'ve figured out its quirks. One problem I had at first was that when I used mostly heavy cream, the finished product was too airy and the ice cream broke apart when I tried to scoop it. My bowl was super cold (overnight, lowest freezer setting) and it got to the "soft serve" stage fairly quickly. My mistake was that I left it going too long, hoping it would get firmer. It basically whipped the cream. I don\'t know if you\'ve ever eaten frozen whipped cream, but it\'s not a treat! This only happens when bowl is close to zero degrees Farenheit, the mixture is very chilled, and the ambient temperature isn\'t too hot.If you\'re wondering what I mean by "too long," it\'s when the ice cream starts to rise above the churning paddle. If it looks like soft serve but you want it to be harder, transfer the ice cream to another container, cover it, and put it in the freezer.For SUPER SMOOTH ice cream, try one of the recipes that uses eggs and a heated mixture. Very creamy and dense!', 'Excellent ice cream maker.  Works as advertised.  Quality is very good.  Product produced, excellent.', "We've had a lot of fun and good eating from this machine.  With a little tweaking of the recipes it turns out a really nice product.The ice cream produced is best if eaten fresh.  After it has been in the freezer it becomes a bit too crystalline for my taste.  So we eat it fresh.  This may mean cutting recipes in half but still works fine.", "This is a very good model for making sorbets and ice cream.  It costs more to make ice cream at home than if you buy Hagan-Daaz in the store.  But, if you really like to make your own concoction, than this is really great.  Also, sorbet is super cheap to make with this unit (especially fantastic when berries are in season)...And, if you like a daiquiri or margarita..;) [no point in adding vodka because, of course, it doesn't freeze]).  I made a killer peach sorbet!The booklet also says that it can make yogurt, but, I haven't tried that yet...I may in the future though.The ice cream maker is a bit large, so, it's not really a regular counter-top item.  Also, the insert will take up some room in your freezer and takes time to ice up.  Additionally, you will need to freeze the stainless steel insert in your freezer for at least 6 hours before making a batch.If you really like homemade ice cream, sorbets, margaritas, and yogurt, than you will have a lot of fun with this this unit.Also, comes with some recipe booklet with a some other paperwork.Have fun!", 'this worked perfect the first three times. then it started not working and i realized because it is not forgiving. you must follow all instructions carefully. you must make sure the custard mixture is thick enough and that it is cooled properly and that the freezer bowl is properly frozen. it makes great ice cream when you follow the instructions carefully.', "Makes ice cream! I am on a no carb diet.. but I didn't want to give up my favorite frozen treat. This makes ice cream.. takes maybe 20 minutes.. the ice cream holder itself requires about 24hrs to freeze prior to use. You can of course use it before 24 hours.. but its more like a milkshake.. which is also fine  :)I have never used an ice cream maker before this one. My boyfriend has a self refrigerating one.. he said this one is A LOT quieter.I love it.", 'We were somewhat skeptical about how the machine would work but were pleasantly surprised. It is simple to use, with complete instructions and recipes. And it makes wonderful ice cream in minutes. East clean up and storage.', 'Will never buy ice cream again!!  At first was hesitant bytthe few negative reviews.  Bought one two days ago and bought a load of milk and supplies cause figured it would take 5 or 6 times to get it right.  have made 4 ice creams already.  So far they have all turned out GREAT!  have always loved soft serve better.  used mostly the recipes that came with the machine except that being lactose intolerant, i used lactaid milk and also used baking splenda instead of sugar.  It worked out fine. But, i did make sure all the ingredients were real cold before i put them into the machine.  and also i put the 2 bowls into the chest freezer in plastic bags.  We are real happy with this for sure.', "We were initially disappointed with this machine.  We tried recipes out of the booklet that came with it, the Ben & Jerry's book and another source.  The ice cream was just OK.  Something along the line of what we could pick up at the local convenience store.  Then we tried the recipe out of Christopher Kimball's The Desert Bible.  Hallelujah!  Creamy, rich, just what we had hoped for.We had a similar experience with our bread machine.  Mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook.  So, don't blame the machine too quickly.  The fault may lie in the recipe book.", "My first reaction is very negative.  If the bowl is to be stored in the freezer in a plastic bag, why doesn't the bowl come in such a bag??My old automatic freezer, pre 1999, came with a very heavy duty bag for such storage.Maybe a gallon ziplock will work???", 'We like ice cream. A lot.The Cuisinart Ice 20 Ice Cream Maker enables us to have ice cream with only a half hour\'s notice. Is this good or bad?Good, I say! Lick the beater, the cylinder and your bowl kind of good. All this in record time and without much effort on your part except for that tiresome spoon lifting.Make Ice Cream in the Privacy of Your Own HomeIce cream is not the difficult concoction it may seem. All you need are a few simple ingredients, depending on your taste, an ice cream maker, rock salt, ice ...Uh-uh! Not with this machine! The Cuisinart Ice-20 lets you toss the rock salt out on the slippery sidewalk where it belongs and requires no melting bags of ice to stuff in the freezer in advance.More "No\'s":* No more hand-cranking* No more frozen chunks of ice jamming the rotating freezer cylinder and stopping the machine mid-cycle* No more relegating the ice cream making to the basement, the garage or outside where dripping salt water can run will-nilly out a drain hole that\'s never in a convenient place* No more trips to the supermarket or to the ice cream shop down the street* No more, "Sorry, we\'re out of that." Make whatever you like!Am I Really a Good Spokesperson for This Ice Cream Maker?You betcha!We are high-end ice cream people. That does not mean we eat only Hagen Daas quality stuff (well ... we actually do), but that we could keep a small ice cream shop in business with just our family. Counting relatives, we could support a chain of such shops.We eat a lot of ice cream and we like a variety of flavors. The Ice-20 allows us to have the best of both worlds -- with a little time for preparation in between, of course.The PackageThe Cuisinart Ice-20 comes boxed with:* a cylindrical plastic churn* one freezer bowl (1-1/2 quart with liquid encased in it for purposes of freezing)* the motor housing* a clear plastic dome lid* a manual/recipe bookThere is also a reply card in the box with which to document your purchase. SEND THAT IN TOOT-SWEET! This little appliance comes with a 3-year manufacturer\'s warranty on defects. Not a shabby deal in the least.Each piece is wrapped carefully in plastic bags, which I suggest saving, too ... the larger ones, at least. Use these to wrap the freezer bowl while preparing it for use. More on that to come.So Now You\'ve Unpacked It ...What to do with an ice cream maker you just unwrapped? One might like to rip right in to making ice cream, but that can\'t happen with this particular machine. It does not offer a compressor in order to chill the product as you go ... you have to provide the cold, and that means cleaning out a space in the freezer -- and make it a permanently-cleared space \'cause you\'ll need it. Trust me.You\'ll want to wash the freezer bowl, first.- in the sink ONLY -- no dishwasher- no abrasives/no cleansers- warm water and liquid soap with a soft cloth and a good rinse- dry thoroughlyOnce washed, wrap the bowl in plastic. This keeps that "freezer taste" from getting into your frozen product-to-be. Use that handy bag that came with the unit, or use a plastic grocery bag to enclose the bowl. Place it in the freezer and close the door. For extra-fast chilling, put a bag of frozen vegetables inside the bowl.My bowl freezes in my refrigerator freezer in 8 hours. It should be a solid freeze. No sloshing, or your ice cream won\'t "ice". I hear tell it can take much longer for some folks\' bowls to freeze, but check your freezer setting ... it should be, according to Cuisinart, at 0?, but mine is at 25? and works quickly.Once your bowl is solidly frozen, make your ice cream base. There are a few recipes for ice cream, sorbet and frozen yogurt in the recipe book included with the Ice-20, or use one of your own, but be sure it is for 1-1/2 quarts or less.We make only full-fat, fully-flavored ice creams which I can recommend, but we do not partake of sorbets or frozen yogurt, yet I can\'t imagine the experience would differ. The methods remain similar, and if you have frozen the bowl you\'re more than half way there.Come Along with Me ... the Best Is Yet To BeFrom start to finish the Cuisinart Ice-20 is easy to use, easy to clean and a dream machine for those of us who enjoy a good bowl of ice cream often ... on occasion.Once you\'ve frozen your bowl -- which you\'ll want to leave in the freezer until the last minute, simply follow your chosen recipe, remembering to leave any additives such as chocolate chips or chopped nuts out until the last 5 or 10 minutes of processing. No "extra" should be larger than a chocolate chip -- I\'m guessing this is to protect the plastic churn.Once you have your concoction ready, retrieve your freezer bowl, place it on the motor housing, place the plastic churn inside the bowl and slip the dome lid over all, making sure to align the embossed dot with the marking on the front of the motor housing to "lock" it (not a fool-proof mechanism, as this opens easily with less than a twist). It\'s really that quick.Plug in the machine and press "on". The motor will rotate the freezer bowl and the dome lid will hold the churn in place. Pretty simple!Carefully pour in your ice cream base and leave the room for 20 minutes or so. I dare you to try.You won\'t be able to do it because you won\'t believe you\'re making ice cream right there in your own kitchen. And, you\'ll want to appoint yourself "Chief Taste-Tester", as you won\'t want any family, friends or acquaintances to suffer at all. How big of you. You\'re selfless, just as I am!The dome lid offers an opening in the center through which to add ingredients, and I use it to "sample". Just be careful you don\'t lose a spoon in there. That\'ll cause a few raised eyebrows and strange looks when you go to serve your decadent dessert.If, after 20 or 30 minutes your ice cream isn\'t as thick as you\'d like it (it comes out soft-serve for me), press "off", remove the dome lid and clean off the churn with a spatula. Just pop the bowl back in the freezer, covered, for about an hour or less, depending. The ice cream will harden nicely in about this amount of time.This is license to continue tasting at intervals, of course.You may wish to transfer the ice cream to a freezer-safe container for longer term storage, if you expect the ice cream to last that long. That way, you can clean the bowl and return it to the freezer to be ready for another batch.Everyone Will Scream for Ice Cream!Are there any down-sides to this appliance? None that I\'ve found yet. For the ease with which I can use this I can\'t complain about having to freeze the bowl, nor is it intolerable that soft-serve is my result. I LOVE soft-serve! Plus, the ice cream can be transformed rather quickly into something firmer.The machine doesn\'t turn off itself, which isn\'t a negative for me. I can keep it running as little or as long as I like, but 25 minutes has been the longest running time in my experience. After that, we\'re eating ice cream!As for noise, it\'s tolerable. I find the Ice-20 to be much quieter than a blender, and only slightly noisier than most dishwashers. I find it comforting to hear it humming along with it\'s little whirring sound, for that, my friends, is the sound of ice cream in the making.Added BenefitsUsing the Cuisinart Ice-20 affords you some portion control, as you can make smaller batches than 1-1/2 quarts. If you need more than that amount it\'s simple to prepare batches ahead of schedule and freeze them. It\'s also possible to order an extra freezer bowl, which I did. It\'s handy and I\'ve already made use of the extra one several times.This machine offers cord storage underneath it, allowing for only as much cord as needed to reach an outlet. The cord is about 2-1/2 feet long which is plenty for counter top use. When finished, just wind the cord up completely and store the machine for later.Since the Ice-20 is about the size of a 2-1/2 quart slow cooker it isn\'t difficult to store. Mine lives on a shelf inside my basement door. It would fit inside a cupboard, too, if I had a place there. You could also keep it on the counter top ...And, again, it couldn\'t be easier to clean. All the components, aside from the freezer bowl, need only a wipe-down with a damp cloth. The freezer bowl in anodized aluminum on the inside and plastic on the outside, so warm water and dish soap do the trick easily.You Made This? Really?Having served vanilla, chocolate and mint chocolate chip ice cream at Daughter\'s birthday party recently, I have first-hand experience with the dropped-jaw look when people ask where you bought the ice cream."I made it," you\'ll say. Cool, calm, collected and concise, too.They\'ll not believe it, I assure you. They\'ll want your secret, and it\'s up to you whether or not to tell them.Share the joy, won\'t you?', "We use this machine quite a lot during the summer.  It is awesome for ice cream, sorbet and slushy mixed adult beverages....mmmmmm.....can't wait for summer again!", 'This is a delightfully easy way to make ice cream that tastes the way you want it to.  Want a flavor no one sells?  Mix it yourself with this easy-to-use machine.  Even basic flavors are great when you control the ingredients that go in.The machine is not messy, as it requires no ice or rock salt, and all of the parts are fairly easy to wash.  The recipes in the instruction book work just fine.A bit of advice;1)Read the instructions carefully.2)Plan for some lead time.  You need to have the bowl completely frozen. (If you need to make more than one batch at a time, you can buy an extra freezer bowl.)3)Bear in mind that the ice cream will still be soft when the machine is done with it. (This is true with most ice cream machines.) You will still need to put it in the freezer for a while before serving.4)Indulge in high quality ingredients; for example, get some whole vanilla beans for your vanilla ice cream. (If you want a lot of them, eBay is the cheapest place to get them.)I am delighted with this purchase and just can not imagine buying ice cream from the store again.', 'I bought this because my son was diagnosed with a dairy allergy.  I wanted to be able to provide ice cream without breaking the bank.  There are new coconut milk ice creams available but at $6 a pint I could pay for this unit in a hurry.  I buy my Thai brand Coconut Milk (not lite) from Walmart at $1.42 per can.  You just freeze the cylander, add 2 cans of coconut milk, a little sugar, vanilla and whatever else you want to flavor and let it go.  1/2 hour later I had what looked like soft serve ice cream.  My children were so thrilled!', "I bought this ice cream maker for my roommate because we eat a lot of ice cream in the warmer months and he loves red kitchen accessories. Our first batch of ice cream didn't turn out so well.  It wasn't very thick, but we quickly discovered we had not left the tub in the freezer long enough before we started.Once we figured out you should really put the tub in the freezer overnight and make the ice cream the next day, and only let it run for about 20 minutes as suggested, you get perfect ice cream every time.  The small batch is plenty for 2 large servings or 4 small ones, so there's never any leftovers.  The tub cleans up very easily too.It's great for a simple vanilla mixture using milk, cream, and sugar every time, but we've crunched up M&M;'s for a batch which was wonderful.  During the holidays we added a touch of Baileys which was amazing. We did try a fresh squeezed orange sorbet as well but found it really needed a lot of sugar to cut the acidity.  I'd probably just try frozen juice concentrate next time.Be sure to keep the instruction book!  There are lots of ideas and recipes inside.  I'm looking forward to trying the fresh basil and lemon sorbet this summer. Overall, for the price you pay and the simplicity of the device, it was a smart investment for our kitchen. We generally spend about $10 in ice cream every other week during the summer, so this maker has already paid for itself!", 'If you think that you cannot make good ice cream without the rock salt and a ton of ice, well you should check out this Cuisinart Ice Cream Maker!  It is so easy and convenient to use, and in 20-25 minutes you have soft serve ice cream.  If you want to freeze it hard, just put it in the freezer for awhile if there is any left after you taste your results over and over again!  Also, if you make a lot of ice cream, be sure to pick up the extra freezer container.  Keep one in the freezer at all times and you are never caught without one that is ready to go!', 'My daughter-in-law wanted this for so long to make fresh sorbet, I bought it as a gift for her. She has already made watermelon sorbet and it came out great. If you buy this I recommend buying the extra canister so you can leave it in te freezer and always be ready.', "I've only used this once so far, but it's pretty awesome.  You just pour in your pre-mixed, chilled ingredients, press start, and set a kitchen timer.  20-30 minutes later, the ice cream comes out like soft serve, which is great, but you can pour it into a freezer container and firm it up if you'd like, (which I did because it was for a birthday party later in the day).  My only complaint is that it's a little noisy.  I wouldn't recommend running it while you're trying to watch a movie or something.  I'm looking forward to using this more when the weather warms up here in Michigan.", "This is very easy to use; it's just like another small appliance you can use on your counter top.  It does a good job, except that a hard frozen layer forms around the sides and needs to be scraped down about halfway through.I'm updating this since I've had it a few more months.  It still works great, and I've been able to experiment more.  Even if I don't get the recipie just right, it freezes just fine.  I use frozen berries to make sorbets with less sugar (high fructose corn syrup) than the grocery store kinds.  I've also made a batch of very rich vanilla (with eggs carefully cooked) and it came out wonderful.", "I've had this machine for over a year, and I LOVE IT! It all started with looking for good low-carb ice cream and finding none that actually had flavor. We've made some great recipes with this. It's fast, easy to clean, and makes plenty for left-overs.", 'I put this ice cream maker on my Amazon.com wish list, and my sweet daughter sent it to me for my birthday. :)I just made my first batch of ice cream today. I\'m very pleased with both the machine\'s performance and the taste/texture of the ice cream. My youngest daughter tasted the ice cream and said it was "awesome." I agree.About the noise level: I\'m rather sensitive to loud noise, but I don\'t think this machine is particularly noisy. It\'s not whisper quiet, but it\'s not nearly as noisy as my Cuisinart blender.', "I bought this maker after reading reviews on forums. I use it to make non-dairy ice cream with Vances Dari-Free which is a powdered milk substitute made from potatoes. It works absolutely brilliantly and for the first time in a decade I actually had 'ice cream'. With Vances you must pre-make the ice cream mix in a pot and heat it. The mix must be allowed to cool in fridge for a few hours. Then simply place it in the Cuisinart and turn on. In a half hour you end up with a soft serve ice cream that tastes just like the real thing. The device is so easy to use and clean we've been using it every day! This is one of the greatest items I have purchased in a long time and I only regret that I waited so long to get one. Here's my recipe I developed:In a pot add:9 tablespoons of powdered Vances Darifree (or any powdered milk)3 tablespoons of tapioca starch flour6 tablespoons of sugar3 cups of waterTurn heat on medium and whisk constantly to combine the dry mix with water and to prevent sticking to the pot. The mix will begin to thicken after a few minutes.Now add:1/3 cup of any butter, margarine of choice+1 or 2 teaspoons of Vanilla or other extractContinue heating and whisking until the mixture is completely combined and thickened. I do this until it begins a low boil - bubbles and steam begin.Cool in fridge and follow ice cream maker instructions.* If you want to use soy milk, rice milk or other milk simply eliminate the powdered Vances and water and replace with any 3 cups liquid substitute.* If you want to make Carob or Chocolate ice cream add 1/4 cup powdered cocoa or roasted carob to the dry mix.", "I had never known of an ice cream maker that did not require either turning the crank manually until your muscles ached, or plugging it up and listening to the awful whirring, grinding, squawking sound of the electric type. Not to mention the mess with the salt and ice. This little maker doesn't make so much noise, no mess,  and it only takes 20 to 25 minutes to have firm ice cream. Transfer the ice cream into a container and place it in your freezer if you want solid as a rock ice cream. With the traditional freezers, you had to wait until you had a crowd to serve before you went to all that trouble. This makes one and one half quarts, which is just enough for one starving person, or six normal people. It comes with a recipe book and you can find tons of recipes on the web.", 'This is a very nice ice cream maker.  It is easy to use, easy to store and easy to clean.', 'This is my second summer using the Cuisinart ICE-20 Automatic 1 1/2-Quart Ice Cream Maker, and it\'s never let me down.  Now I find that this machine is Jeni Britton Bauer\'s favorite.  As she explains inJeni\'s Splendid Ice Creams at Home, when the ice cream is done, it will . . . still be soft, but the ice crystal structure is intact and stable.  Finish the freezing by . . . hardening it in the freezer."  My only complaint is that this machine is a bit noisy, but it takes just 25 minutes or so to freeze a batch--not too long to vacate the kitchen.', 'I purchased this model about 3 years ago. I have never been disappointed with the results. It sure is a little inconvenient, as you will have to freeze the bowl beforehand, and the machine is quite loud.1) Do not expect it to taste like store bought Ice Cream.2) Do not expect it to cost less, I think store bought Ice Creams are cheaper.3) You can be imaginative and create your own flavor blends.Overall, very satisfied.', "I love this machine.  A cousin had tried a couple of other brands including one about 4 times more expensive and had to return both of them, so I read the reviews very carefully.  This one is easy to use and it works.  I followed the instructions exactly. The ice cream is great.  I did freeze the ice cream for an additional 2 hours after it was mixed as the manual suggests.  Works perfectly. Yumm  It doesn't make a lot, just a little over two pints.", "This machine is very easy to use.  It comes with a handy little recipe book to help you with your first few recipes.  One thing you must do is  freeze the bowl for a good 24 hours the first time, then you will want to  cover the bowl in plastic (to prevent freezer flavors tainting the bowl),  and leave it in your freezer.  You will be making home made ice cream in  about 20 minutes.  The consistancy is good, and it is delicous.  Best of  all, you will not be adding any strange presevatives, or anything you do  not want.  Ben and Jerry's has an excellent recipe book that you can get  here at amazon, and you will be making up tasty ice cream in no time!", "I got one of these ice cream makers as a Christmas gift, and it's been fantastic. I was careful before requesting it to check the temperature of my freezer. If your freezer doesn't maintain a temperature of between 0-5 degrees Fahrenheit, your ice cream probably won't turn out that well. Mine stays at a chilly zero degrees, and I've been amazed at how quickly this machine makes great frozen desserts. I've made the full-fat ice creams, a couple of sherbets, and frozen yogurt -- everything froze quickly and evenly, and came out with fantastic texture and flavor. It's been a great gift. I keep the bowl in the freezer, wrapped in a plastic bag and filled with frozen vegetables, so it's always ready to go.", 'We have had this maker a few years now and its reliable, fast and easy to use.Clean up is very easy and I just bought a second bowl to keep in the freezer if we need more than one batch at a time.I have also used it to make frozen lemonade concentrate from myers lemons and it turned out awesome.Then had my own home made lemonade concentrate to make fresh lemonade in the summer.This machine is not loud, and is easy to use and makes delicious ice cream.', 'I bought this for my son for his birthday.  Wow, is it easy and delicious.  A person could be in real trouble with this ice cream maker sitting around.We first made the vanilla recipe and it was better than wonderful...just a few ingredients into the bowl and away you go.  Fat City is on the horizon.  I love it.  Thank goodness my son lives 1000 miles away or I would be in real trouble with this little machine.  The price is good and the ice cream is wonderful.  Wonderful gift.', "I had soft serve ice cream in about 25 min's after following the easy instructions. There is some noise when the machine is preparing the mix, but not enough to drive you nuts.Overall I am very happy with the Cuisinart and would recomend it to friends.", 'The cheap plastic paddle broke on the first batch of strawberry ice cream.  I am now upgrading to a Lelo.If I had it all to do over again, I would never have bought this!', "I finally pulled this out and used it after owning it for more than a year.  Everything went smooth and my sorbet is fine but....this machine is so loud that it is annoying.  To have to listen to this for 20-30 minutes is extremely difficult.  Having never used another ice cream maker, I don't know how it compares.", "If you love Ice Cream, you will love this ice cream maker.  You can have fresh homemade ice cream in about 30 minutes from start to finish!  YUM!  It is great just for fun, it is great to use for entertaining, it is great for hot summer days.  I found that Sam's Club has Half and Half as well as fresh Whipping Cream for a great price, so it makes using this machine even more fun!", "I just got this machine and made the strawberry ice cream recipe that came with it.  Ben and Jerry, eat your heart out.  This is so easy there's no reason to ever eat store bought ice cream again.  No locust bean gum, no artificial color, no preservatives - and you can make it with organic ingredients if you want.  The ice cream tastes awesome, and I would recommend this machine to anyone, especially those who cannot use a hand crank machine, or don't want the fuss and muss of using salt.", "I read many of the reviews before buying this ice cream maker, and the reviewers were right!  It's a great little machine...I don't think it's that noisy (no more so than a food processor).  I love it - I do agree that the recipes that come with it are not great, but there are lots of wonderful recipes out there.  This is fast, easy, and no worries about salt and ice running all over make it much more likely I will continue to use it quite often!", "This was the easiest ice cream I've ever made. My niece and nephews loved it. They enjoyed being able to see it iwhile the ice cream was making.", "My machine didn't work the first two attempts.  The liquid never turned to ice cream.  I tried two different recipes - I was very disappointed. Since my first two attempts bombed,I went online and read as much as I could to figure out why I couldn't make ice cream and 900 other people could with this machine.  Here's what I found out.  1st)Freezer temp is extremely important (get a thermometer and lower freezer temp till it reads 0 degrees) - mine had been set at the factory recommended setting of middle range, so I turned it down to the lowest setting. 2)Container needs to be really frozen - don't put in a cramped freezer, allow space around container so it freezes throughly all around container. I had it in freezer three days this time 3)Recipe needs to be cooled as well!  With my first attempts, the ingredients were at room temperature and then in the frig an hour or so - on my third try I put recipe in frig for three nights in the back of frig where it is the coldest.Voila!!!!! Trying out this new information produced the coveted creamy frozen ice cream I had read others were making!!!!!  I give this machine 4 stars because the company didn't offer thorough instructions in their booklet (I was close to throwing the machine out into the trash), and the preparations took me several days to get the right temperatures in the container and the recipe.  I am on a roll now though and look forward to making many more favors.", 'I love homemade ice cream, but have not had luck with the traditional ice cream freezers where you add ice and rock salt.  Though less expensive, they are less consistant.The Cuisinart ice cream maker is the opposite.  This handy contraption soft freezes your ingredients in a mere 20 - 30 minutes and is simple to use.  Simply freeze the canister ahead of time, add frozen canister to top of plastic base, add ingredients and turn on!Consistant results every time.  The recipe book included with the machine is very good, and all of the recipes are easy to follow and are delicious. Some recipes are no cook Philadelphia Style (only cream, sugar and flavorings) though most are custard style (involving cooking the ingredients and adding eggs).  All are easy to make even by the kitchen novice.Once you learn the basics of making ice cream, you will not want to buy store bought again.I use this machine about once a week to make ice creams, sherberts, and water ices.  Its definately a must for those who like fresh homemade desserts.', "I have always used my kitchen aid attachment for ice cream and am very happy with it; however, we don't eat a lot of ice cream and the Kitchen Aid bowl was too big.  I picked this up when I read some great reviews and I am very pleased.  The ice cream maker is very easy to use and while not as quiet as I hoped for, it doesn't take long to get great ice cream.  Note that what you first end up with is more soft serve which we really enjoy but after a few hours in the freezer you have more of an ice cream texture.  Great product - Cuisinart never lets me down!", "Upfront:  Yes, I recommend this machine.  It's easier to use than any other ice cream maker I've ever owned.  However, there are a couple of things to remember or you're going to be very frustrated by the experience.  First off, the freezer bowl has to be frozen solid.  Near solid isn't good enough.  I suggest you leave the bowl in your freezer for two days just to make sure it's cold enough.  Be sure your ingredients are very cold, too.  I use condensed and/or evaporated milk in a couple of my recipes and a day or two in the refrigerator is really important.  Room temperature just won't cut it.  And the thicker the better with this machine.  A custard base is an excellent way to start.Next, don't dawdle.  Get your ingredients right into the bowl.  It begins to thaw pretty quickly, especially in hot weather.  And that's when ice cream is best, isn't it?  And finally, twenty-five minutes to half an hour is about as long as the freezer bowl lasts, so if you've gone that long and it's still looking like soft-serve, get it right into a container and toss it in the freezer for a while before serving.I know it sounds complicated, but it's not really.  Most of it is just remembering to get things to the right temperature.  This isn't a big, fancy freezing unit, it's a relatively inexpensive way to make your own ice cream at home.  You're going to have to make some adjustments.  That said, I have to tell you that it's a great deal of fun to watch the ice cream freezing and to turn it out into bowls and see the eyes of your family light up when you say, &quot;The ice cream is ready!&quot;I put this item in the fun to have but not a necessity category.", 'This is fun with the kid but a bit messy. Also freezing the coolant takes forever. Fun Though', "I'M VERY PLEASED WITH THIS CUISINART ICE-20 ICE CREAM, YORGURT, SORBET, MAKER. IT'SMADE EXCELLENT COCONUT ICE CREAM, AND RASBERRY SORBET. IT'S VERY SIMPLE DIRECTIONS,QUICK, AND WHAT I FOUND ABSOLUTELY MAGNIFICENT YOU DON'T NEED TO USE SALT, ICE,AND ANY UNHEALTHY INGREDIENTS TO MAKE A GREAT SUMMER/WINTER TREAT. CUISINART,PUTS OUT A GREAT PRODUCT, AND THE SELLER WAS VERY REASONABLE ON HIS PRICE. ITHANK YOU SINCERELY. DH", 'One of my favorite kitchen appliances.  This item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase.  I like it very much and am VERY glad I ordered it.  Thank you so much Amazon.com for the great price, good value and prompt delivery.  I use this item frequently.', "I've just gotten this machine and have made the basic vanilla ice cream twice. Both times were a total sucess!  The ice cream is delicious!  No more ice and salt mess! Preparation time is quick and easy! The machine is a little noisy, however, no big deal. It was facinating watching it thicken up for the final result. Time in the freezer is usually needed after it's done.  That's the hardest part....the waiting!  Clean up time is quick as well! Looking forward to trying the other recipes in the booklet, I'm sure they'll be just as tasty.  I highly recommend this machine!!  I know that we'll be having home made ice cream a lot more often now!", 'I purchased the CIM-22PC (a similar model) from Costco.  Be aware that key plastic parts (the lid and mixing arm) are not dishwasher safe.  In our case, they warped in the dishwasher and rendered the entire machine unusable.  Cuisinart should have used dishwasher-safe plastic.', "Works great; there's nothing like home made ice cream and to have it within minutes with so little effort is a miracle.  For years I used one of the old ice and salt makers that does a great job but you hardly use if because of the mess and effort needed.  If you store the tub in the freezer you can almost decide to have ice cream and satisfy that desire immediately.", "I bought this unit in hopes it would fill in a gap in our 'desert self-sufficiency', that is our ability to make rather than buy whatever we were craving and avoid having to hump into town for supplies.This gem of a unit has the frozen desert category covered.It IS bigger than it looked - but only about the size of standard Cuisinart food processer as far as footprint.  We keep the freezing bowl in the freezer and store popcicles and the like in the middle.  Note on the bowl:  its possible to make two batches before refreezing, just add some time to the second batch.It does make some noise, but for us its not too much.  Just position it properly and the noise factor can be mitigated quite a bit.Cleans up easy (mostly dishwasher) except for the tendency of water and washclothes to freeze to the bowl... use hot water and do it quick.We got the red one - what a nice looking unit.  Sweet.", "When buying the Cuisinart ice cream maker, I really wasn't sure I'd use it, as I rarely eat ice creams.  The power to create is a heady experience, though, and the effortlessness with which wonderful concoctions can be made using this machine ensures it will not become one of those useless appliances collecting dust on a shelf somewhere.This is a great purchase even for those who assume they can't eat ice cream!  Since you control the ingredients, you can create recipes working around any sort of diet -- allergy, diabetic, lactose intolerant, vegan, whatever!  The machine also works equally well for sherberts and frozen drinks.  It's extremely easy to use and cleans very easily.Few notes for better results:1) The bowl must be *frozen*. I recommend at least 2 days in the freezer between uses (you may want a second bowl).2) Upon removing the bowl from the freezer, add ingredients and use -- it will start to thaw immediately.  A friend noted that covering the top of the unit while mixing causes it to retain its &quot;cool&quot; longer (a plate over the opening works well).3) The ingredients must be very cold.  If cooking ingredients (such as for fruit or egg enhanced recipes), it's absolutely necessary to chill the resulting mixture before adding it to the unit.4) Choice in ingredients can make or break your ice cream.  While milk can be used, cream results in a much richer, thicker, tastier ice cream.  Also, make sure you've crushed or finely chopped any solid ingredients before adding, as otherwise, they will clog in the mechanism; they should also be added during the last 5 minutes only or will impede freezing (same goes for alcohol).  Thorough mixing of ingredients is important, as well, since the machine does not churn the mixture (sugar especially needs to be well dissolved or will result in uneven flavoring).5) Regardless of what you do, you will produce very soft ice cream.  Pouring the result into a freezer-proof container and freezing for a few hours to one day works very well.I know that sounds like a lot of hassles, but it's really not.The preparation of ingredients can range from moments to hours, as your options are quite limitless.It makes 1.5 quarts of ice cream, which is not a limitation (should you feel you will consistently need more servings, invest in additional bowls). It stores very well, lasting for a couple of weeks without crystalizing.  I would use mine every day if I could remember to buy cream!", 'I purchased this ice cream maker after reading all of the reviews. Since I own a chest freezer I use it to store the bowl and have avoided the problem some mentioned concerning the ice cream not freezing well. I must say I love this appliance! It works exactly as advertised and I have been enjoying some of the best ice cream in my life. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to purchase an ice cream maker.', 'I connected some quick disconnect fittings to this Y fitting. Two of the openings in this Y were the right size, but one opening was too large. I had to cut slots in the rim of the opening and use a hose clamp to bring the size down to the correct diameter. I verified the opening diameter with several other fittings and calipers to see that the one opening was indeed bigger than the normal size.This item will normally work great if you are connecting hose directly to it, but use caution when connecting other items to it.Plastic will change shape after it has been injected and cools (like this product). Good engineering and good chemical composition will compensate for those changes. I recommend getting a different brand product instead of this one if you want quality and consistency.', 'item arrived quickly and was as described. I would order from them again with confidence in their promise. Package was intact.', "The 4&#34; flex tubing fit perfectly over this fitting for my woodshop dust system. I'd give it 5 stars, but I had to remove with a Dremel some casting slag from the interior. No big deal; nice fitting.", 'I use these in my overhead flexible four inch system for dust control. The system is attached to an Oneida 1&1/2 hp  system which pretty much covers my small shop', "This works with a flex hose but is not the same 4 inch size of your standard four inch pipe. It's smaller. Had to duck tape it more than I should have had to.", 'The marking holes and slots on this protractor are great.  I have used protractors before but had to always eyeball the markings with various degrees of accuracy.  This protractor takes away that error.  A bonus is that a .5mm mechanical pencil came in the package too.  It is just the right diameter to fit in all of the holes and slots.The T-bar is a good feature also.  You can loosen the thumb screws to slide the T-bar off of the protractor.  Be careful to not loosen the thumb screw all of the way since they are tightened by two nuts in the T-bar channel which will come off of the threads if the thumb screws are loosened too much.  Once the T-bar is removed you can then remove the nuts from the thumb screws so the thumb screws can be removed from the protractor in order to lay the protractor flat.  To re-attach the T-bar to the protractor insert the threaded shaft on the thumb screws in the large holes on the protractor, thread the nuts on enough to secure them, the slide the nuts into the T-bar channel and tighten down the thumb screw.  There is an indexing  lip on one side of the T-bar that the base of the protractor rests up against to ensure accuracy.The T-bar is 7 in. (178 mm) long by 11/16 in. (17 mm) wide by 7/16 in. (11mm) thick.', 'Its Incra, its accurate, it is well made. You need your trifocals for the angle indexes and a sharp pencil , but it is dead on.', 'I have used the T-rule so much, I decided to get this as well.  These rules are very accurate, and easy to use.  Use a 5mm lead mechanical pencil, and store the rule carefully.  They are made of thin aluminum.', "It's Incra.  It's excellent as usual.  Well worth the investment.  Do buy another mechanical pencil to supplement the one/ones Incra provides.  They aren't great and you won't be happy when you can't get it unjammed while in the middle of a project.  A .5mm pencil will work but a .3mm engineering pencil is perfect.", 'My husband is very hard to buy for. The previous two years, he opened his gifts then set them aside. One he loaned to a friend! This and the other Incra item I purchased for him...he was very impressed.', 'The whole line of Incra products are fantastic and the marking protractor is no exception.  The build quality is fantastic.  I like how the aluminum edge stop at the bottom is easily removable with two thumb screws.  It has many different indexed cutouts for precise marking.', 'Great timer, quality seems to be much better than the other brands I bought over the past few years. Right now I am using the timer to turn on and off Christmas lights and it seems to be pretty dependable. Probably will purchase more of these timers in the future.', 'This item works as expected and shows no signs of problems controlling audio/video gear. I am happy with it as I always am.', "I have several of these timers.  I use one on my cat's drinking fountain.  I use the others on lights in the house.  It is best for when I am gone on a trip.", "My timer finally quit working after FIFTEEN years so I'm ordering another one from Amazon---my Home Depot store doesn't even carry heavy duty grounded timers anymore.  I would recommend this timer to anyone!", 'We bought this AC timer to use in conjuction with a heated pet bed for a crate on our back porch.  It worked all last winter and it is still working.  No problems.  Easy to set and forget.  Highly recommend.', 'I use the TN311C heavy-duty grounded timer to control the ON-OFF cycle of a dehumidifier.  I actually bought two units - the 2nd one as a back-up - and, removed all of the "ON" and "OFF" trippers from the back-up unit to use on this one.  This gives me 6 ON-OFF cycles, and it works perfectly with our dehumidifier.  I\'ve set the timer to turn ON the dehumidifier for 2 hours and then OFF for 2 hours throughout the day and night.  It keeps our area perfectly dehumidified, and the humidity rise is only 4% to 5% during the OFF cycle.I would recommend this timer to anyone considering a use similar to mine.', 'I have used a number of these for years with no problems whatsoever.  However I realized that the timers use more power than some of my lights!  I have a 4 Watt night light which we run all night in the hallway and the timer draws 5 Watts - 24x7.  That was bad enough, but then I replaced the 4 Watt night light with an LED bulb that draws 1/2 watt or so.  It was way cheaper to run that 24x7 then to use a timer to "save money" and have it only on at night.  I have thrown these all away and purchased digital timers - they pay for themselves in energy savings.', "I've bought 2 of these exact same ones, one is still working & the other one went bad after3 or 4 years so that seemed reasonable.This one i just got yesterday from amazon doesn't work. The dial turns but it gets stuckat the pins. I noticed another reviewer had the same problem so I'm here to buy another brand.UPDATE: After i wrote the above I took the unit and kept spinning the dial to loosen it up.I plugged it back in & found it WOULD now turn on but not OFF. So i repeated spinning the dial over & over & finally, now it's working properly.", 'I had used this and it works very well, but seems to lose some time over the weeks that I have to reset the hours up.  Not a big deal but works really well.', 'I use the timer to turn lamps on in the house so that when we come home there is light in the house. It does a good job.', 'After just over a week my unit began to make a clicking noise like a moving part was hitting something.  The back on all these also gets quite hot.', "I own several of these and appreciate the fact that it is 3-prong rather than 2-prong. I've yet to find a timer with such simplicity and easy adjustment. Never had one fail on me even when running at rated capacity. At this price, it can't be beat.", 'Have used this for several years now for the Christmas decor.  Has worked perfectly without any problem.  Would buy again without hesitation.', 'Aquarium light go on and off each day.  Works for me !', 'With a 600 watt load far below it rating the timer grinds and gets hot .It also slows down and becomes unreliable .I do not recommend this product', "It does it's job very well.It is connected to my wall a/c and to my attic fans.It runs well, no problems, i like it.", "I'd had these timers for years and had no problems, so the issue is not with the timer itself. BUT now that I have a TODDLER, these really can't be used anymore, since she finds it fun to pull out the little plastic pieces that are needed to set the timer. Not only is this a choking hazard (however minor), but once the pieces are gone, the timer is useless! CAUTION WITH DIGITAL TIMERS, TOO, THOUGH (though I'll have to try them again): We had a power surge, and all of the timers got ruined (and we tried to change the batteries - no help)! SO, OVERALL A GOOD PRODUCT AND MORE RELIABLE THAN DIGITAL TIMERS, but NOT good if you have toddlers!", 'I have used these timers since February (now April) on a daily basis. Sometimes the little mechanical/plastic tabs do not turn the lights on or off. It misses about once per week. If you need your timer to reliably work, order a digital timer that is not mechanically based.', 'The timer clock which is supposed to rotate as a clock normally would did not turn at all.Obviously defective. What a pain to have to return now at my expense. Save your money people. By something else from someone else and stay away from this one. Why waste your money.', "The red and green plastic tabs that control the on-off timing are interesting targets for my toddler. Unfortunately, then, not only is my kid playing with an electrical outlet, but I've lost the red and green tabs critical for the function of this device. Replacement tabs cost 1/2 as much as an entirely new timer. I'll stick to timers without removable small parts from now on.", "While I can't vouch for the build quality of this timer (it feels cheaply made and I'm not sure how long it will last), it works well, is easy and simple to use, and is silent. Being silent is important to me because it's annoying to hear buzzing especially if you are using it in a quiet room.In my case, I use it on my refrigerator so that I don't hear the fridge on when I'm watching a movie on my HDTV in the living room (which is in close proximity to the kitchen).I don't use any red 'off' pins on the timer and just use the manual switch to turn off the fridge before I start watching a movie. Then I turn the dial so that the green pin is about 2 hours away, which nicely turns the refrigerator back on two hours later.This setup works very well for me and my food doesn't suffer any. Before I got this timer, I used to turn off the circuit breaker for the refrigerator but I would forget to turn it back on! Needless to say, this timer has been a life saver in that my fridge comes back on and my food doesn't spoil like it did when I forgot to turn it on manually.The fact that this timer has a 3 prong plug is also a plus because many of the non 'heavy duty' timers only have a 2 prong plug.", 'One Of The Best Fans I Have Ever Bought & I Love The Noise it makes Great for those that have to Sleep in the day & Work at Night!!!', "This is a nice window fan with good power and not too noisy, adaptable to different window sizes if you need to move it. However, the sliding panels are flimsy and don't move smoothly; the fasteners that are used to clamp the panels in place are cheap and can easily be unscrewed and fall out.  The single knob control works fine but the settings are hard to see; you will end up turning it by click or fan noise to the desired power or direction. Well-packaged in the box.", 'LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS FAN ...IT IS THE BEST ...ONLY THING IS THAT YOU MUST VENTILATE TO GET ITS FULL POWER...OPEN ANOTHER WINDOW SLIGHTLY TO BRING ALL THE GREAT AIR IN ...ITS WELL WORTH THE MONEY', 'I have never spent more than maybe $10 on a fan in my life, so I was kinda antsy about buying this one, but seriously, it was absolutely worth the price for me.Let me explain my situation: My building is really old, retains a LOT of heat, and the wiring is such that tenants are only allowed to have one small window AC unit per apartment. Moving it back and forth from one side to the other is a huge pain, but it results in a sort of less-dramatic Sophie\'s Choice: do we leave the AC in the bedroom so we can actually sleep, or leave it in the living room/kitchen so that we can actually get things done without dying of heatstroke? So that\'s why I bought this fan--to help move air in the kitchen/living area and hopefully make both rooms habitable during the heat. I haven\'t gotten the chance to test it during a major heat wave yet (hopefully I won\'t NEED to *crosses fingers*) but so far, I could not be more pleased with how well it works.What I love the most about it is the versatility. It is nearly silent on the "low" settings, but when you set it on "high," it moves a LOT of air. The fact that you can flip back and forth between intake and exhaust is really one of the selling points--it\'s super-handy in our combined kitchen/living room because, when my partner is cooking, we can flip it on to draw out a lot of the heat it produces. If we open up all the rooms, it helps a lot with cross-ventilation--way more than the box fan we were using previously. In addition, our old building has huge radiators which produce a TON of heat in the winter, and the exhaust function, when placed in a window near the radiator, helps a lot with keeping it from becoming too hot in here. Bonus! Basically, it does everything I hoped it would do, and a couple of things I didn\'t even anticipate.I also love the way it\'s shaped--it fits nicely in the windowframe, and has a cute retro appeal. It\'s front-heavy, but still quite easy to move. It\'s also easy to take apart and put back together for cleaning, which is a HUGE plus.My only complaints, all of which are extremely minor:-I wish it were a little flatter, just because now we can\'t really close the indoor shutters on that window, but that\'s an unusual situation (most people probably don\'t have those!) and I won\'t fault the design for it.-I\'m a little concerned about the switch--it seems a bit flimsy and I\'m afraid it\'ll break if I turn it with too much enthusiasm. But, so far, so good!-while it\'s pretty quiet, it does make a distinctive noise on the exhaust setting. It\'s a bit annoying, but if you\'re more than a few feet away, you can\'t really hear it--I\'ve used it while napping on the couch before and not found it distracting.', 'This thing moves some serious air.  It does have a few issues, but I can put up with them for how well it works.  It seems a bit flimsy, but once mounted it is relatively solid.  It mounts to the inside frame of the window by 2 screws on each side.  The flange on each end of the fan has keyways for these screws, so it is removable.  The knob does come off if you pull on it instead of twisting it.  If it bothers you, put a drop of epoxy or super glue on it and put it back on.  It is electrically reversable, but it exhausts air much better than it draws air, and mounting it backwards would make it so you could not close the window.  The bigest problem is that it is noisy on low speed. The noise goes away on high speed, which is how we run it anyway.', 'I was looking for a fan that would really draw fresh air into my apartment (5 rooms, total ~1000sq ft).  It\'s very frustrating to me when it\'s nice and cool outside on a summer evening, but still sticky and stuffy inside from the heat of the day.  I\'ve tried two of the little twin window fans, a larger oscillating fan on a stand, and small round fans in windows, but even all these of those in combination never really seemed to make a big difference in a reasonable amount of time.  I\'ve been in houses with attic-mounted whole-house fans, and it\'s amazing how quickly they\'ll exchange the air in a whole house!  That\'s the effect I was hoping for.In short, this Lasko 2155a has met my expectations.  If I turn it on high exhaust, open a couple windows on the opposite end of the apartment, and close the rest, it does a great job of pulling in fresh (cool!) air.  Of course it\'s not as fast or as powerful as a real attic whole-house fan, but especially given the price, convenience, and simple installation, it\'s a pretty good substitute.  It shouldn\'t even be in the same category as the little twin window fans - those are good for a single room, but they don\'t hold a candle to this Lasko.  When this is running on high exhaust, and with only a few other windows open, there\'s a noticeable breeze coming in those windows.  I notice a distinct change in the coolness and "freshness" of the inside air after only a few minutes.  It is pretty loud when it\'s on high, but it\'s not the obtrusive roar that I\'ve seen described in other reviews.  I wouldn\'t want to sit right next to it and have a conversation or listen to music, but if you\'re in the next room, it\'s really not distractingly loud.  Also, I find it\'s helpful to leave this on high for a few (10-15?) minutes, and then turning it to low does a fine job of maintaining the fresh air inside.  When it\'s on low, the noise isn\'t bad at all - it\'s quieter than the oscillating stand fan I\'d use otherwise.  Not distracting or bothersome, even if you\'re in the same room.So if you live in a small house or apartment, and you\'re looking for a reasonably-priced alternative to a full attic fan, I highly recommend this one!', 'I am using this as a whole house attic fan and it works just fine.  There is little noise and the hot air exhausted into the attic then escapes through the roof vents leaving both attic and house nice cooled.  From 106 degree daytime temperature, the fan will decrease the temperature to exactly the outside overnight temperature.', 'Absolutely fabulous.  Does exactly what it\'s supposed to, extremely well.  To install, you simply position screws into each side of your window frames- The fan\'s plastic privacy side panel extensions have little notched-out grooves on the edges, that slide right into the screws. Done!This fan gusts air like a tornado!  It\'s a completely different class of product, vs. those little toy-like "twin window fans" made by everyone, and sold everywhere, that barely move any air.My house is a 900 sq. ft. brick ranch, 1950\'s built with original windows (wooden sash/panels), and no central A/C.  This is truly a whole-house fan for me!  Completely turns over the entire house air in a matter of seconds. The direction of air flow (intake/exhaust) changes with a simple manual turn-knob.  There is a BIG difference between low/medium/high settings, which enables you to customize air flow to your liking.  Since the knob is manually operated, there are no complex, computerized electronics to malfunction.  While I\'m readily technically competent, I HATE it when simple things are un-necessarily complicated, & therefore prone to electro/digital malfunction.  This is a purely simple, incredibly well designed, powerful window fan.Space usage / appearance:  It lies flat, on the back side / up against your window (this design is what allows you to slide the window closed- & locked- behind it).  In the front, the grill (& center control knob) extends out into the room about 7".  The side panels offer great privacy.  The entire unit is off-white / cream-colored / neutral.  It looks retro-designer/ mid-century, a bit industrial-looking maybe.  I\'ve searched for 17 years, & this is by FAR the best fan I\'ve ever found.  Worth every penny & more.  If you\'re on the fence, buy it!  No doubt you\'ll find a use for it!  PS- I believe it\'s generally recognized that this is the same exact item/product as the Air King brand 16" Window Fan, which is priced much higher.  Get this Lasko while you can!', 'I put this in a upstairs room to circulate the air up there. Works pretty good, It has a clicking sound when you first turn it on, but no big deal. Not real loud on med and slow speed but on high a bit loud. I really like being able to  shut the window when the weather gets bad. Wish it had a little more power on high but for the price you cannot beat it.', "I have a Lasko fan that I bought around 1989 which still runs and I live in an apartment on the second floor that gets very hot in the summer so I decided to get another fan to have cross ventilation. I am really pleased with my purchase, this fan is lighter and easier to place in the window and you don't need to screw it in the window for it to stay in. It is much quieter than the older fan even on high speed and doesn't shake in the window like the older model does.I like the fan so much that I plan on purchasing another one next month and give the older model to a friend.", "We raise & show rabbits so we bought this fan for our rabbit barn because the ammonia smell was getting really bad in there & we needed something to pull that smell out. The barn isn't real big so there's wasn't enough air flow in there with only 1 window & 1 door so... needless to say we are VERY pleased with this exhaust fan!!! We keep the fan on exhuast 24/7 & you would never know that rabbits lived in there! It gets the smell out seconds after turning it on. I love that you can put it in the window & still be able to close the window behind it during bad weather. I was surprised at how inexpensive this fan was too! Definitely worth buying! & If something were to happen to the one we have we will definitely be buying another one!", 'I\'ve had this exact model for about two years. My wife and I are both smokers.  This fan is very good at exhausting inside smoke to the outside.  Also when something starts smoking on the stove and fills the house with smoke, this fan will clear the whole house in less than a minute.  Electric reversing makes three speeds available for either exhausing or bringing fresh air in directly with just the twist of a knob. At medium and high speeds it helps to crack a window on the other side of the house.  Think of it as an \'attic fan\' in your window.  Our window are 5\' in height and this sits in the bottom 2\' and since the window sill is only 8" off the floor, the fan does not block the view at all except for the dogs.Two things: 1. Closely follow instructions when installing to avoid a noisy fan. Not properly mounted will result in vibration and more noise than necessary. (Also make sure base of fan is firmly sitting on the window sill when mounted...this will almost ensure vibration is minimal) 2. Fan needs to be cleaned at least annually (especially if you smoke).  You can remove 6 screws from inside the house which allows you access to clean the blades and the outside grill.Remember this fan is all plastic construction, fairly sturdy, but be careful not to strip screws by tightening too much.Finally, we\'ve found that we are able to get a lot further into the summer season before we close up the house and turn on the central air because of this fan.', "I searched for an exhaust fan for our new, hot garage.  I did not believe some of the negative reviews and neither should you!  This fan fit right into our garage window and has been working every day for months!  Who cares if it is not made out of a heavy metal; you don't have to touch it except to turn it off and on.  It pulls and exhausts a lot of air and that is what it is supposed to do.  Don't make life more complicated then it has to be.  With all my searching, Amazon gave me the best deal and with my rewards from my Amazon credit card the fan cost me $54.  What's not to like when other stores wanted as much as $110?", "I purchased this fan to replace a fan I had on my kitchen window for over 20 years. After much research (the original fan's company went out of business) I found this fan was the closest  to my old one. It does not fit properly in my kitchen window, but I managed to hold it on by pinning it from the top to the bottom with the window. The sides are fine I had lot of lee way and did not need much. I must say it is easier to clean than my older one and it does what is promised. The three setting work great eliminating odors and recycling air. The fact that is reversible is very useful. Please keep in mind that my review is for an apartment window not a house.", 'This is my second one of these fans the first one lasted 5 years then just died.  As window fans go this is one of the better plastic ones. It disassembles easily to clean. The design is a bit flawed, you have to tape over holes and cracks with white tape to get maximum suction and block air from coming back in. The right sized blinds will close nicely on top and block the crack if you mount it for the window to close and open.', "Only slightly better airflow than a box fan for 4x more money! Some nice features like the reverse function to use as an exhaust fan, but definitely not worth the money. In reading other reviews a number of people have mentioned this as a &#34;whole house&#34; fan. They must live in a trailer because this doesn't even circulate enough air to make much of a difference in my 400sqft living room.", 'I\'m a smoker in a small 1100 square foot house and was tired of the lingering smoke, yellowed papers, drapes, etc. I live in Florida and the humidity is killer so it\'s not real productive to open windows to vent. I ordered 2 of these 16" fans and boy are they big! They work incredibly well. I use one as an intake (High pressure area) and the other as an exhaust (Low pressure area). I can also turn both fans to exhaust and my whole house is clear as a bell, smells fresh, not a wisp of smoke anywhere, in only 2 minutes. 2 minutes! I had spent almost $1,000 for 2 Ionic Breeze Quadras and they couldn\'t do in hours what these 2 fans did for $130 in 2 minutes! These fans are a godsend! I actually could have easily gotten by with 2 of the 9" fans instead. I\'ll probably order 2 of them to use for the winter/spring months then have these 16" bad boys for the summer/fall months. I can imagine these fans would be heavenly for people with pets, cigar smokers, for cooking strong smelling foods like fish, etc. As you can see I am pleasantly surprised and very happy on my purchases. Also love the fact that the fans are both intake/exhaust. Great product, thank you.', "It works well as a window fan to pull outside air in, takes only a few minutes to cool a room and about 1/2 hour to cool several rooms.  It's not quite what I expected as an exhaust fan and did little to cool the room running for more than an hour w/a second window open in the same room.  So if you've got a window w/o a screen and there are a lot of bugs outside, exhaust would be ideal... but it doesn't work very well.  Recommend industrial ceiling mounted whole house fan if you prefer heat exhaust instead of blowing air in.  Turning on additional box fans at oposite ends of the house seemed to help move air exponentially faster with multiple windows open.  All-in-all, if your window is big enough or you have the means to gerry-rig a $20 box fan, that may be the way to go.  If you prefer something that looks nice, can stay in place even when the window is closed, this might be worth $70 to you... I kinda prefer taking the extra 2 minutes to put a box fan in the window and put it away when I'm done.", "This fan is a good fan but does not move the amount of air I want to move.  I usually put a fan at one end of the house then open my bedroom window and have the fan pull in cool air at night.  this somewhat does the  job but really not enough.  I might be asking for too much for its size etc.  I like the fact that it is reversable and it is adjustable to fit wide or narrow windows.  If you are using it for one room this is a good fan but not great for the whole house (I have a small house 1500 sq ft).  I'd give it a try and see if it works for you.", 'I live in LA and summer can get to the low 100s. In the evenings though the temperature can dip into the 60s.  So I though of venting out the heat and drawing in the cool air, at night and early morning. I installed this in one of the casement windows in my house.  The way I installed it allowed for the window to be closed without taking down this fan.  So at night, I turn this on and vent out the hot indoor air, and it creates a negative pressure in the house so it sucks air through my front door and windows of the other bedrooms. It does create a cool breeze as it is drawing in the cooler fresh air.  I have not turned on my Air Conditioner since I installed this.During the day, I turn this off and shut the window and leave a small crack just to have some air.  The indoor temperature does increase by about 5 degrees by dusk.  When the Outdoor temperature goes below the indoor temperature, I open all the windows and doors and turn on this exhaust fan.  This system works very well for us and I am very happy with this purchase since I am saving so much money.  This paid for itself after only 2 weeks. You have to love that.', 'The first fan I purchased like this was in 1992 from Sears. It had their name on it, but it was obviously built by Lasko. That original is still functional, but after 14 years, it was time for a new one. Must be a proven, solid design to have been in production this long. It moves the air through my home easily, but my house is smallish, only about 1500 square ft. My only gripe concerns the fan guard, or grill, which faces towards the outside, through the open window. This grill is plastic, which we all know doesn\'t last forever. Exposed to direct sunlight and the elements, this grill will eventually become brittle. It takes several years for that to happen, but that\'s what happened with the first fan.I hope that Lasko will in the future consider making this grill out of metal, like the one facing the inside.One last thing........if, like me, you\'re sick of seeing "Made in China" stamped on everything, this fan is American-made.', 'These are great fans--I bought one for the upstairs hall, and one for the downstairs dining room of my colonial home.  WIth both of them running on exhaust, the whole house is cooled off within an hour on a cool summer night.  There is a bit of understanding needed with the dimensions though.  I had no choice but to mount the fan on  the inner window frame for both windows, because the extensions do not reach far enough to mount on the outside of the window frame.  The windows cannot be shut with the fan mounted, because they have a "lip" at the bottom, that overhangs a bit and runs the length of the window, to make opening and closing easier.  The lip interferes with the window closing while the fan is in place, so the fan must be removed from the mount if heavy rain is expected (Hurricane Irene, for instance!)  Even so, the fan is easily removed, once the screws are in place.', "We've used this for a week now.Installation: it is easy, but may require some work to install, depending on your window frame. I had to pre-drill for the screws.Pros: -not too loud, even on high (but then I grew up with a large metal box fan in my window)-Easy to change speed and direction-nice size, larger then typical 2 blade fan, just smaller or equal to box fan-appears to be well built.-should be easy to clean. The blade cover is held on with a couple of screws and it looks easy to remove and get to the blade.-privacy, the side panels not only hold the fan in well, but also create some privacy there.-close windows and leave fan in place; removal is easy any wayCons: - size, it is a good size but the way it juts into the room it could be intrusive in small spaces, no problems for me though-some rattle at low speed, bought 3 fans and one rattles so much on low that I keep it on medium. Other two barely rattle, it appears to occur where the blade is connected to the motor.-price, but the usability and sound construction indicate it will be worth the priceI bought these to replace several dual blade fans that died simultaneously. I really like these and would recommend them, but with the understanding that you will have permanent screws in the window sills year round.", 'SO ITS DIFFICULT TO RATE.  AS I AM IN AN APARTMENT,FORCED TO INSTALL WINDOW FAN WITH WINDOW SCREEN STILL IN WINDOW---WHICH DECREASES FAN PERFORMANCE. STILL, ITS BEST FAN IVE OWNED. HIGH-LOW SPEED  DIAL DOESNT TURN EASILY', 'Probably the best available today, but, certainly not like the old metal ones. It fits where and how I want it to go and will do the job.It\'s got some sharp plastic edges on the inside. Sliced a finger reaching in to slide the side panels to fit.Low and medium speeds don\'t move much air and the small motor whines a bit on high. Fortunately I don\'t have to be in the room with it when it\'s on high.It does a much better job than the Holmes dual window fan I was using but I do long for the old metal King Air 20" I had years ago. That was a window fan.', "This is not able to go in front of my window, as the window I use it in is a double. However, I popped the screen out, and this fan fits perfect. When you go outside, and stand in front of it, you KNOW it sucking a TON of air through the house! It's a lot of wind! I'm considering getting another, but I honestly think one may fine for my 1500sf house. I make sure at least three windows are opened, and it works great. I've used the reversible feature a couple times, and I'm glad it's there, but mostly it's on high and exhaust. Hope this review helps. I LOVE this fan.", "We needed to move the air in our whole house.  This fan wasn't up to the task.  We got a bigger fan by a Air King, and that got the air going.This fan is fine if you want to create a breeze or move the stale air out a large room.  Quiet operation is a big plus compared to the Air King.  So I'd recommend it for many purposes, but it wasn't what we needed.", "There are too many reviews already to fret over one detail or another, so here's my brief take: my fan is well balanced, no perceptible wobbling or shaking at any speed.  The blades spin freely suggesting little bearing drag to strain the motor.  I found that it easily fits several of my windows without actually mounting it (i.e., installing the four screws that come with it).  That's a plus for me because I may want to use it in different rooms at different times - I can just set it in a window when needed, then remove it when I want it elsewhere or not at all.  My wattage meter says it uses about 63W on low and 78W on medium (very quiet at both low and medium speeds) and about 110W on high (noticeably louder than low/medium but not at all intrusive or annoying in my view).  If my house were bigger I'd buy another.  Good stuff.", "I have never in my life seen such a poorly constructed item. I never  knew they made plastic so flimsy, it bends coming out of the box didn't try it, was afraid it wouldn't make it to the window.", "This is my third fan in over thirty years, only because I've burned the motor out on the first two running them almost continuously every day.  Yes! I'm headed in the same direction. It works wonderfully either on exhaust or intake. I am just as satisfied with this one.", 'Stuck with an HOA that won\'t allow air conditioning and a high ceiling that traps heat during the afternoon I ordered this whole house fan with trepidation. My window sill is so narrow, I can\'t fit a box fan. This seemed like just the thing except... would it really fit my 27" windows (some reviewers would say no) and what about the wooden window trim problem? I\'ve got aluminum trim.It was needless worry. The unit went in with 1/2 inch to spare and guess what? You don\'t have to use the wooden mounting screws. I grabbed 4 1"long machine screws with nuts to tighten them and extended the screws until it slide into the grooves of the window. Use some washers to reinforce the plastic. It does feel flimsy at the mount point. The pressure holds the unit in place. The fan is light enough and motor is smooth so it is unlikely it will vibrate itself out of the grooves unless I\'m really careless about tightening the screws.I\'m pleased this isn\'t a permanent solution (I didn\'t drill any holes in the trim). California summers sometimes get pretty darned cold so it\'s good to close the window entirely.I a very light sleeper so I would call the noise noticeable but not obnoxious except at the highest setting. But for my 1100 sq ft place, I can feel the air wafting throughout the entire length of the unit on high. There is no need to be in the same room to feel the benefit. I suspect I will use it before I go to bed and reduce the setting or turn it off.', 'this fan is totally awesome! Its a bit heavy and you will need to kind of brace it in most windows but man.. the vent or exhaust features provide some great airation to the home . One of the best home fans I have purchased over the last few years... love it!', "I just bought this heater after seeing a co-worker's unit.  My office area, in the corner of a very large room, is extremely cold all year round.  I have been getting by with a small DeLonghi Safeheat, but wanted something taller to provide heat to my upper body.  I also suffer from hot flashes so I needed something that oscillated.I didn't read any reviews here first.  Just went by my co-worker's glowing praise for hers.  She does sit in an office and I don't.  However, the features seemed to fit my bill.I am quite happy with the heater.  I appreciate the different heat and fan settings.  The oscillation works as I'd hoped - not concentrating the heat right on me.  It keeps me warmer and cuts the draft from the windows.  It is very nice to have a remote so I'm not jumping up and down to change the settings.  I bought it knowing that it would never really heat my area up to the temperatures given.  I just need my area warm enough to work in without a coat.There are only two drawbacks for me so far: the heater vents are about 5 or 6 inches up off the floor so the heat doesn't keep my feet warm.  I have to use the small one for my feet.  The second problem is the beep!  I can understand fully how this would be a problem in a bedroom.  It would wake me up!The light doesn't bother me since I only use it during the day.  I understand people's problem with them in the bedroom, though.  Between my Powerbook and the TV boxes, I swear my bedroom has more small lights than some Xmas trees!  I wish more engineers were aware of the studies on blinking lights and the concept of atavistic threat movement.  [g]For me, the heater only misses a score of 5 due to the annoying beep sound.", "This little fan really moves the air.  It'll cool off my whole downstairs.  I use it more than air conditioning when it's hot.  Saves on the electric bill.  I also have a smaller one in my bedroom and run that at night in the hot summers and it cools off our room better than air conditioning.  Good fan for drawing in the cool night air.", "I'm so happy we have this fan!!!1. We turn it on &#34;reverse&#34; in the evening, drawing the cool air into our hot bedroom and it cools down the room a solid 10 degrees almost immediately.2. We leave it on all night in the reverse setting and it's completely changed our sleep pattern for the better. It keeps our room cool and drones out the loud road noise.3. I love having the option of having the window open still with the fan off and a soft breeze.4. The unit is not very attractive so we have a cafe curtain in front of it. When we turn it on, the curtain just blows upward and is not in the way.5. Install it on a window with a screen. We originally tried a different room, an old double hung window with no screen, and we woke up to a flying insect massacre on the floor. They were sucked in and didn't have a chance.", "Having a small kitchen and not a great exhaust, solutions like fan windows are great, but all too often they are small and have to sit below the window. That means that when it rains or cold out, you have to remove the fan to close the window. This fan stays in the window year round but allows you to open and close the window without having to remove the fan!  Not only that, it's very powerful and VERY quiet.  Cooking smells are eliminated very fast with the three speed reversible motor. I even let my smoking friends sit at the table when they light up because not a particle of smoke enters the house with this fan running.It's a great solution for us and I'm on my second year of using it.", 'I just bought mine from rural king for $59 . Im not experienceing any rattles or anything on high speed. At 1/6 hp its  enough air for early spring/summer but during the dog days of summer when nights are still over 80 its not going to cool your house down you will still need the ac on those nights. But on cooler nights you can put this fan on intake and bring in the fresh night air which is one thing I like. You can just open a couple of windows a few inches and feel the air being pulled in. The fan cannot cool the air any more than the actual temp is but it might feel cooler. The reason I bought mine is to not use the ac any more than I have too maybe save a buck or two. Its sort of nice to be able to close the window behind the fan which Ive never been able to do that before. But we will see how this fan holds up.', 'This will be my 6th Lasko 2155A Fan purchased since the year 2000.  I have kept 2 to 3 running at any given time between the months of March and November whenever possible/necessary.  This fan is one of 3 that work without flaws. We\'ve tried to repair the others, cleaned them every year, to no avail.  Once the motor fails, that\'s it.  In fact, one of the first one\'s threw a fan blade which was quite loud.To deal with simple vibration, we devised a system involving thin strips of wood for the bottoms and 2x6s on the sides to provide a solid, semi-permanent gap fillers.  I painted the wood to match the room paint and it seems to work well.  Our windows are of the cheap variety (drywall with alum. windows wedged into place, no frames).I might have sprung for the next size up, but I couldn\'t afford the 100 bucks, not to mention, the motors wouldn\'t match up with the one\'s I\'d purchased so far, IMO.  I just waited until amazon.com was selling this and pounced on it (due to the low price). I\'m happy with these and will probably continue to purchase these if they are still made.  These fans really move the air in our house and I firmly believe they do work better when at least two are involved (one in, one on out or sometimes both on out with other windows in the house open) I\'m lucky to have double doors in the "two fans room" that open up to allow a wide birth for the air to flow through.Small footnote: I did try ordering one from another good online store, but when that one arrived, the control knob fell off in shipment and wouldn\'t stay on.  Seemed cheaply made.  The one from amazon.com that arrive recently is intact and running smoothly, oddly with no vibration.UPDATE comment: as of 8/13/11 another of our fan\'s motors is acting up and I may have a theory about that.  Please comment to this review if you think this could be it.  I use non-aerosol hairspray (on my hair) in the room where the fan is.  Only fans that drew the air from the room were affected.  Just in the last two years we turned the fan direction to BOTH fans OUT in the room with two windows and the rest of the house windows open.  The hairspray presumably will end up being drawn up by the fans, especially the one I am standing 10 feet away from and right in line with.  In prior years, that fan was set up to allow air in, not out, for room re-circulation.  So in that case it was blowing the spray away from the fan.  However the other fan, further to the side in the second window (blowing out) was always the fan that developed motor problems; it would just bind up.  Opinions? (I have tried google.com to search for this possibility, to no avail).', "if you have side sliding windows you have to block off the gap above the fan.  the 'wings' that slide out to adjust the width of the fan are insufficient to support the fan vertically.  not a huge deal I cut a piece of foamcore to fill the gap but prevents window closing with fan installed.  It does draw a good amount of air and runs quiet enough on medium to sleep in the same room.", 'First the pros: 1:Good value.  2: Moves a lot of air.  3: Reversible is great.Now the cons:  1: Very noisy on LOW speed.  2: Noise level is higher in reverse from added blade noise.  3 Very difficult to mount in window.I bought it for my bedroom but decided that due to the noise it was better suited to the living room. Still a good value but with  a couple caveats.', 'I started searching for a reversible window fan early, so that when the summer heat hits 99% I will be prepared. I had a Lasko reversible window fan that my sister gave me used, and that fan carried me thru some hot days for 6-7 years. I searched and found 3 fans and compared prices and wow-Amazon had the best price. I would recommend this fan to anyone who needs a great reversible window fan. I love it !', "The vendor that this comes from 'Unbeatable Sale' sent the Heater with NO protective packaging. It was just sent as you would buy it at the store, which has minimal protection, and the box was Badly damaged when it arrived.I bought this heater because it is the best one I have used and when I went back to get a second one the store was already all out of them (Sears).The heater spreads the heat through a very large room (about 24 ft by 12 ft). Without it, the room just doesn't warm up no matter what other heater I tried.The other heater that works well in smaller size rooms and is smaller is the Holmes 1Touch heater. Sears was out of them too when I went back, fortunately I found them at Kmart too. Both have fans and really spread the heat throughout.For concentrated warm radiant type heat, my favorite is the Holmes 1Touch '319' model.I have tried many, and the best for spreading the warmth throughout and the fastest is this Lasko model, but I would not get another from the vendor on Amazon.", "...for a fan that could pull air thru the whole house, but did not want to pay $200 for one.  This seems to have done the job,  I used it this past hot summer (2012) as an exhaust fan to move air in the house and to get it cooled off in the evening.  This machine seems to have done it, quietly...quieter that I thought it would be.  It is a two-directional fan, so you can bring air in or pull it out.  It also has 3 speeds, I used the medium speed all summer, 24/7.  No problems to report, would buy another.  I don't have AC here so this was it, and it stood the test. Recommended...", 'Really, this is close to an ideal fan if you want a window fan. The biggest issue is the way the fan mounts to the window frame. When you do it correctly it is secure, but not tight. There is just enough play in the way it mounts (drops down on screws) that there is a rattle when the fan is on. This was dealt with easily enough with some foam tape, but the tape needs occasional fixes.The ability to close the window while the fan is on, and reverse the airflow is great. For our apartment (1200sf) this fan can make a noticeable difference in temperature and air quality in about 5-10 minutes depending on the fanspeed. This is way more effective than sitting a box fan at the window because the airflow HAS to go through the window instead of cycling back into the fan.', 'I needed a good window fan to keep the air moving in my country cottage. I am able to limit the use of A/C if I have a means for proper ventilation. This fan satisfies that need.It was fairly easy to install but still required a bit of ingenuity as the side panels were a bit of a challenge. They will slide but be patient because they will also break if forced.  The fan is very quiet, emitting a hum rather than a roar when running at full speed.I will leave the fan in the window for the entire season so I will not have to struggle with the side panels again until it is time to remove it.', 'this thing is so cheap that it started falling apart while i was installing it!!  just turning the knob to turn the fan off/on and changing speeds and you just know that it is not going to last very long. the electric cord is so short that you need an extension cord. we are talking cheap cheap cheap here. the plastic bends with the wind. what a piece of junk.', 'This fan has run non-stop in a window since Feb 2013 without issue.The expansion panels are a bit flimsy.I note a $10 price increase since I bought mine.  Still the cheapest whole window fan I could find.', "I installed this on a horizantaly sliding window.  It probably took about 10 to 20 minutes to install.  Its just 4 screws. It comes with a guide for the position of the screws which helped. It works awesome. You even have to put a door stop infront of a door in a beadroom if you have the fan in the room blowing the air in, otherwise its strong enough to slam your door shut. We liked it so much so that we bought a second one and installed it in the kitchen to clear the air when we are cooking.  we will usually put the fans on exaust and open up the living room window and it pulls in a strong breese with them both sucking the air thru the house.I can't recommend them enough, we wish we got them years ago!!!  Just make sure you open another window in the house so the air has somewhere to go.", 'I bought an Air King 20" (same manufacturer of the Lasko) whole house fan a couple of years ago and it proved to be too much fan for my &lt; 2000 sq. ft. condo. I went for this 16" and it does the job just as quietly as the 20". Very easy to install within the window frame and no vibration. I only wish that the side extenders were metal like they are on the Air King. The grill on the front of the fan is metal. I am very happy with this purchase and that\'s why it gets FIVE STARS. These are both excellent, high quality fans and I would not hesitate to purchase again.', "Fairly easy to setup, but you would want to set it up where it's fairly hidden from view.Unfortunately here in Hawaii, the place I need it most is in the Master Bedroom.  Not ony that it's in plain sight, but the window that I have it installed in, is the one overlooking Poipu Bay and it blocks the view considerably.I guess I can install it in the bathroom window but I'm not sure how effective that would be since my main goal is to blow the heat out of the bedroom and outside the opposite window.However, it is pretty powerful but rather noisy on full force and even in the mid force.  I have a T.V. in the bedroom and also a computer, and I have to keep it at low if I want to be able to hear the T.V.Does it work ... Absolutely ... Is it Noisy ... Yup ... Is it Ugly ... Yup!Update as of Feb 7, 2011:  Fan has developed a clicking noise mostly because the fan blade rotation is wobbly.  Sometimes the noise goes away but is infrequest.", 'I was searching for an in-window fan to turn on when I\'m cooking smelly foods, when people smoke in the place, etc.  I had previously had the more standard dual 8" window fan setup, and after several months of use, they always seem to get so weak they barely move air. I decided to try this one but it\'s not right for my intended use. This is designed to be more permanently mounted with screws/brackets, is giant, and moves a TON of air. It will pull a major vacuum and requires an open window or door. When it\'s off, the screen/gaps are so large taht bugs can just fly right in the house etc.  Perhaps I should have done more research before purchasing it, but hopefully this helps anyone else in my position who\'s in the market.', "This replaced a fan I broke in a drunken episode on St Patrick's day. That was just plain dumb on my part but I am so glad that happened as this is the best fan I have ever owned. Wife and I sleep with a fan and I instantly noticed the fan pushes way more air then the other last fan I had. I sleep like a baby and even get cold from time to time which I never did before.", "We have central air conditioning but only one control unit downstairs, so the second floor is always warmer and less comfortable than the first floor. I tried putting fans at the bottom of the stairs to the second floor to improve air circulation but the air did circulate well my old fans as they could drive the air up the stairs. Purchasing this pivoting fan made all the difference! This fan immediately help drop the temperature upstairs by about 2-3 degrees.I am attaching a collage of 5 photos under customer photos that I will be referencing in this review.I LIKE:------1. The best feature of this fan is the pivoting ability of the fan. The fan pivoted and held its position straight out of the box, I did not need to adjust or tighten anything. Photo #1 shows the fan pivoting, Photo #4 and photo#5 show two views of the fan at the bottom of my stairs.2. Photo #3 shows the fan on the digital scale. The fan is fairly light just under 7 pounds and 2 oz.3. I like handle on the top of the fan. It makes it very easy and comfortable to carry it around.4. The fan is fairly quiet even on the high setting. It producing no rattle noises of any sort, the sound you hear is white-noise type sound of blades pushing the air. It is so quiet that on a number of hot nights I took that fan into the bedroom. I am a light sleeper yet the noise from this fan did not bother me even as I was trying to fall asleep.I DON'T LIKE:-------------1. Minor: the switch to turn on the fan in the center back of the fan. So when you pivot it up you need to reach under the fan to turn it on or off. Close-up of the switch is shown on Photo #2.2. Minor: the length of the cord is 6.5 feet. I wish it was longer. I have to use the fan with an extension cord.Lasko 3300 fan is sold under several slightly different names but with the same model number and description. From April 2012 to September 2012 the price of this item (when sold directly from Amazon with free shipping) varied between $30 and $34. At the time of writing this review the best price is on this oneLasko 3300 Wall Mount Fan.  I use a handy tool that helps my price comparison shopping on Amazon, if you search in google for Amazon price alert the one I use has 'camel' in its name.  It shows you the history and also can send you an email when your desired price is reached.Overall, I am very pleased with this fan and it quickly became my favorite fan of the 4-5 fans we have in the house: it pivots for great air flow control, it is powerful to quickly cool a room, and it is quiet to do its job without being noticed.Ali Julia review", 'I actually had to return this product as it was completely thrashed from the shipping but this fan is well worth the money! It is a fantastic fan!', "For it's size this really is a light weight fan that blows a lot of air.  For the price I don't think you'll find a better fan.  We usually run it on low and it is relatively quite.  The only complain I have is the on/off controller switch is located on the back of the unit directly behind the fan blades.", "Terrific fan, but pretty noisy.  It's great if you are trying to move a lot of air and don't mind the noise.I am glad that I made this purchase; it has been great this summer.", "I've just returned from down the street where I ended up when I turned on the &#34;wind machine.&#34; (Which is tough because I was in my pagamas!) We had one of these, which was a little smaller, and I still like better because it isn't quite as strong.Seriously, with that much power, you needed a lower low &#34;LOW.&#34; The first night I used it in my bedroom this summer, I had to turn it off because it was just too loud on the lowest setting. The other thing I don't like compared to our old Lasko is that the speed adjustment is on the back (hard to get to in the middle of the night). Put it on top where it belongs! Who wants to do a reach around on a fan??", "I bought my windmachine after my smaller honeywell fan finally died after a number of years.  In truth, I wanted it first and foremost for white noise for my bedroom at night.  To that end, it's been perfect.  It's a powerful fan, so both the high and medium setting easily drown out any unwanted noise.  Note that this is not a small fan.  It's just shy of 2' tall, so while the handle on top makes it portable, and it's built to stand on the floor, it's not made for a tiny bedroom.  The sound is smooth and steady and it does a tremendous job circulating air in a hot or stuffy room. I leave it on every night and it both helps me sleep and keeps me cool.  I could see this fan lasting for quite awhile and I'm still very happy with it a year later!  Included 2 images for a visual.", "Before I finally installed air conditioning, I used this fan. In fact, I had two of them and used them for several years.This is the most powerful fan I've ever had. It doesn't rattle or clang like metal window fans. It really stirs up the air and cools the room.The three settings - low, medium and high - are achieved by turning a huge and easy to turn knob. You can tilt the fan up or down and than lock it into position using the knobs on the side. By placing one fan upward and another downward you'll get a wonderful and refreshing cross breeze.If you can't afford air conditioning or you live in an area that only needs a fan, you will love the WindMachine. I still use mine to dry clothes that I don't want to place in the drier. I hang them over the shower rod and turn the fans setting to high. The clothes are dry within a couple of hours.", 'I had one for about 7 years and absolutely love them super high powered.  These fans move massive amounts of air.  The low setting is still very strong and kinda loud.  but high is like sitting inside a wind tunnel.  I have a standard box fan and this is 10x more powerful.  I highly recommend them.', 'I love this fan. It it large, but light weight and easy to move around. It moves a huge amount of air totally silently.', "I had another Lasko Wind Machine and it lasted for years.  It finally bit the dust and I ordered this one as a replacement.  I'm not particularly fond of the &#34;on&#34; button being on the back, but the machine is very good at moving the air around.  Not quite as powerful as my old one, but still very good.", 'Quiet and moves a lot of air. I use it by door and it blasts in cooler air in evening. You can easily adjust it as well... It was a good cost efficient solution', 'I use this fan to keep the air circulating; living in an old house where the AC is not too efficient. This fan has great wind power. I will most likely buy another one in the future for another part of the house.', "It is an outstanding fan! I'm using it with another older wind machine from Lasko to help cool down my home in early morning hours!", 'Have 4 Lasko fans and all work great.  They tend to burn out after 3 - 4 years but well worth the money.This one has the speed control on back & is solid as a rock.', "This is the second Wind Machine that I've owned, our first one just stopped working after almost 10 years.  We use ours almost exclusively in our very large master bedroom on the high setting (we like the sound and the breeze).  Others mentioned that it's not all that powerful, but we find it plenty strong for indoor/casual use.  It's not an industrial shop fan by any means, but it's great for cooling a large room, painted walls, even outside on a deck.  It's very light for it's size and the tilting feature is nice.", "I  don't  know  if  it  is  the fault  of the  manufacturer  , Amazon , or  UPS,  but  after  about  nine hours  of use,  this  fan  stopped working.", 'We use floor fans so we can keep the AC at 80 and still survive in South Texas.  This was our first experience with this model, and we plan to get more of them.  They circulate the air superbly and make surprisingly little noise for their size.', "I need a fan to sleep by...the white noise is perfect.  It's quite powerful and slightly noisy.  I'm extremely happy with it and I think you will be too!", 'In my experience, Wind Machines are the best fans out there.  They are essentially the only type of fan we have used for years.  An added bonus is that they are ready to go right out of the box, no assembly required.', "I don't often rave about a product, but this one deserves it.  This is what I so love about it: 1. Works like a dream. No rattles, shakes, quivers. Just a steady strong stream of wonderful air.  2.Well built.  It arrived in the military pouch system with the box a bit smashed, but not a single dent on the item.  3. It's light.  I can cart it room to room very easily.  Even though it's so light, it sits on the floor very stably.  4. The only sound it makes is the sound of air moving. no whine, no rattles, no vibrations.  5. No assembly required. None! 6. The design is compact, extreme care given to maximizing output for the footprint.  I'm impressed.", 'This fan is really handy to keep around. It is a bit loud on high, but I expected that with this type of fan. I can use it anywhere in my house and move it from room to room as I need it.', 'Very powerful. I have two of them. They are very good for the price. Would recommend highly. Buy this product.', 'This is a really great fan and I love that it tips up and down so you can move lots of air when the house gets warm.', 'This fan really moves the air. To give you an idea how good this fan works, do you know those 20" box fans they sell for 15 or 20 bucks, well this Lasko 3300 fan on low blows as hard as the 20" box fan on high. No kidding. I think this is by far the best fan I\'ve ever owned.Will post a couple pictures for you to get a better look at it. I would recommend this to anyone in need of a fan. Don\'t hesitate, buy it.', "Doesn't move as much air as I thought it would, being called &#34;Wind Machine&#34;. Not sure if I would buy another. Better than a box fan, for sure.", "The Wind Machine fan by Lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here on [...]. It comes already assembled so setup is a breeze--just remove it from the box, set it up on a table and turn it on! The three speeds all operate relatively quietly and the fan gets the air circulating rather quickly.The price is right for what you get: my own fan is just about two years old now and it still works strong and hard to create good air flow. The Wind Machine also cools the room down on days when you can't use an air conditioner or when you simply don't want to use one.I recommend that the fan stand on a flat surface about three or four feet high so that the air current it creates reaches you whether you're lying down or walking around the room. It is economical in that it won't make your electric bill spike upward, too.Overall, this is a great fan and I highly recommend it as just about the best fan out there in this size and price range. It will not disappoint you!", 'First off if you are looking for a quiet fan, go somewhere less because this is not what you are working for. As the name says this beast is a WIND machine, it generates a moderate air flow with low volume on 1, a moderately high air flow( close to that of the medium sized Vorandos) and a decent amount of noise on 2, and this thing moves mountains and sounds like a hurricane on 3. I highly recommend for those who need large air flow and a good noise level while they sleep.', "This fan will blow you down. Works just as good as the heavy duty silver fans. I sit my fan on top of my radiator or a stand right by the window at night and my room goes from hot to cold in a split second. It brings all that cool night air right into my house. All fans don't do this. Burrrrr I'm getting goose bumps now because I'm freezing. Let me get up and turn it to low now since its extremely cool in here. I have 2 of these. I used to have 3 but the third one disappeared. Maybe someone stole it.  Oh Well , anyway fan is definitely worth the price.", "great air mover for an awesome price... Compared to those pricey fans that don't rake reviews half as good as this.", "I had one of these fans that ran great for about 6 years....being used every day.  I like noise when I sleep at night and that was the primary function of this fan.....although it was so quiet that I needed to use it on medium or high to get the noise I wanted.  Good fan though and I will likely replace my dead one with another one just like it.  I'm surprised they still make this one and sell it.", 'A great fan, light weight, easy to move and aim!  I have especially appreciated this fan in our immediate 100 plus temps.  We use a heat pump which looses effectiveness past the ground level.  I place this fan over the top of the floor vent in the kitchen and it sucks up and sweeps the slower trickle of cooler air and spews it out quite well!Love this FAN!', 'The price is right and it moves air very well.  It is almost impossible to clean.  I used my two seasons, chucked it and got another one.', 'This fan is really doing a good job. It is very powerful. This fan helps the whole house and keeps the air fresh and moving.', "Even on the lowest setting, this thing is definitely a wind machine. While my apartment is central air conditioned, I like to keep the thermostat on 78 to save energy. Having this fan definitely helps things feel cooler and results in less trips to the thermostat to turn down the temperature.When you crank this thing up to high, it's really a force to be reckoned with. My cat is slightly scared of it on higher settings as it does get a little loud and moves quite a bit of air.Added benefit is that if you use this in a bedroom at night, it serves as a pretty decent white noise source as well.Great fan all around, especially for those hot summer days.", 'I purchased this to use with my indoor bike trainer. Is somewhat loud but certainly does the job and more. I only wish it came with a remote control to change speeds.', 'I like the name of this product: "Wind Machine Air Circulator." I would have just called it a fan, but I guess the given title is more accurate. I love this fan. My apt gets super hot in the summer and without central air, it can be tough during the days. The AC we have isn\'t quite strong enough to really cool down the place below 77 degrees or so. This fan has made the summer so much more bearable. Moving air in the apt makes a huge difference. This fan produces a strong breeze/current. It usually stays on the low setting, as that is more than enough to provide adequate current in the room.The fan is pretty quiet. There\'s 3 speed settings, and of course if you have it on high, it can get a little loud. But it\'s not nearly as loud as other fans I\'ve owned, so I was pleased with that. It barely weighs anything, so moving it from one room to the next, if necessary, is easy. It has a nice handle on top for easy transport. The fan can also be tilted easily so you can direct the air wherever you\'d like. If you don\'t want the air blowing right on you, you can tilt it so it blows towards the ceiling. If you want it pointed at you, pivot it to the necessary angle.My only issue with the fan is the ability to clean it. It doesn\'t have any easy way to disassemble it, at least that I can see. I\'m not motivated enough to REALLY take it apart, so I wish there was an easier way to pop it open and give the blades a nice wipe down. Because it sits on the floor, it often sucks up my girlfriend\'s lose hairs and the catch on the grill. Doesn\'t really cause a problem, other than being a little unsightly, but you\'d get that with any floor fan so I don\'t blame this product for that.Overall, this is a powerful, yet quiet, fan and I\'d definitely recommend it.', "We originally got the first one like this from Walmart years ago and they no longer carry them.  Found them on Amazon love them well priced and work very well! I feel like I'm in a room full of A/C when I turn these on.", 'This was my first pressure cooker.  I bought it because it was cheap and  be easy to operate.  It was both of these and more.  I learned to cook with this aluminum cooker, how to gauge time and amounts of water etc.  Mirro has been around forever and replacement parts are readily available for all their cookers.  As with all aluminum pressure cookers,  the metal will react with some foods and can overheat if you are not careful.  This style cooker has the "jiggler valve" on the top that rocks back and forth and hisses when pressure builds.  Personally, I like this as it provides audible and visual feedback as to what is going on inside.  You can go in the next room and still hear the hissing and know everything is going well.This (and all modern cookers) are very safe if you follow directions.  I was afraid of pressure cookers most of my life and this inexpensive one has soothed my fears.  It comes with a heat diffuser disk that sits on the bottom of the cooker and a nice instruction/recipe book.You can\'t go wrong with this, especially if you are a novice who does not want to spend big bucks on the electric cookers or expensive Swiss ones.  It does the job and does it well.', "I received this cooker for Christmas 2008 ( a Wal Mart purchase).It was my first pressure cooker, and it cooked wonderfully (though it was a bit tight for two chickens); until it failed.After about 6 uses, it would no longer establish pressure.  The red pop up on the handle (indication that pressure was up and handle locked) started popping up to about twice the height it normally emerged from the handle (when the cooker worked) and steam vented from all around the handle junction with the lid.I tried everything the book said to do.  The handle was tight.  I inspected, streched and oiled the gasket. No luck.  I called Mirro (Wearever) and they told me to boil the gasket for 15 min. and then oil it.  I did all these things, to no avail.So I returned it.  Now I'm going to try Presto.", "Next generation pressure cooker, has a button to tell you if it is pressurized, it pops up, when it goes down, it is safe to open, meat falls apart in as little as 15 min for chicken 20 mins for pork and beef, i guess 15 lbs pressure is the setting, doesn't say, but much faster than my older mirro cooker.", 'The wife and I got married in 1953. We got a mirro 4 Qt as a wedding gift. Use the cooker at least once a week. The lid gasget, jiggler, blow out plug are all in good shape. On thing we have always done is to wipe a little olive oil on the gasget. I think this little lubrication is the reason the gaget has lasted so long. Great old  pot--- I have a whole chcken jiggling away right now. Mmmmm.', 'I have been cooking with pressure cookers for 30+ years now. I had an old Mirro cooker (8qt) that I used for over 20 years. I had to buy a few gaskets over the years but it kept on working. The only reason that I had to purchase a new one is that I had cooked a chicken in it late in the evening and put the cooker out in the garage (it was winter) overnight. Believe it or not, a mouse got into the garage and chewed out the pressure check valve. I could not get a replacement because the cooker was so old!!! I bought the new one and I read the directions. Imagine my disappointment when I read that the cooker would not get hot enough on a ceramic top stove. I have had a ceramic top stove ever since they were invented and have used other pressure cookers on them with no problems whatsoever. Guess what? There was no problem with this one getting hot enough on the ceramic top either! It gets hot, gets to pressure and works just fine! Not sure yet if it will last 20+ years like the old one did, but I hope so!', "Thing that surprises me is how expensive these can run.  A sound pressure cooker is a sound pressure cooker -- not much too it.  Never thought I'd own one (grew up with one -- home cooking), so thought I'd try it myself.So you know, bought one at Walmart (has the Wearever brand)-- $40.00, and it comes with a real return policy vs. Amazon's 30 day return policy (make sure you read that before buying anything here...surprising how inflexible they are if you miss it by only a few days, even for long standing customers who have never asked for any special preferences.)", "What can I say except that this does exactly what it should.  I no longer have to borrow my mother's food press to make blackberry jelly.  Next year I'll make sure to make even more, since I won't be stuck doing it on a schedule.", "I bought this only to make apple sauce. Growing up, my mother had one (for 25+ years) that all of us kids would use and this is nothing like the one we used to use. I have used it 6-8 times and have found the following:- I can only fit a very small bowl underneath it.- The legs slide all over the place easily. I have to grip the handle VERY firmly in order to prevent this from sliding all over the counter top.- The wooden pestle is already all dinged up and even has a chip in it.- The inside of the press is all scraped and dinged upIt does work fine, but the craftsmanship is very low. VERY thin metal, and I don't expect this to last more than 2 seasons of making apple sauce. If I had to do it all over again I would not purchase this item.", 'Used this food press for making jelly and to prevent seeds and other impurities when canning strawberry jam and jelly.', "My 'ricer' - collander - food press arrived just an hour ago. I have fond memories of this 'ricer', a favorite kitchen implement of my Dad's. I still have an old pestle from the old days.  The design is a little different from the ones of my childhood, but I think this design appeals to me more.  I love 'riced' potatoes and anticipate using this 'food press' to make tomato purees and finish other fruit. I'm just excited to have it.", 'It works good but the one I wanted was the one that is pictured, just like my old one.  The one that they sent was more flemzy and not half as sturdy.  Just like all the new stuff these days.  Twice the price and half as good', 'I was surprised by what i received, because i thot the wire basse was going to be larger, to fit over a large pan.', 'This item is very hard to find.  Good if you are working with small quantities.  For larger quantities, use the kitchenaid mixer attachments.', 'Can  not live with out this if you do any canning.  Have a OLD ONe and got this one so my daughter has one she is starting to take interest in canning  Recommend', 'Great when I used it for Apple Butter.  Sturdy, and washed up so easy.  I will be using this for many years.', "This food press is perfect for tomatoes and apples. It's sturdy and sits perfectly in a medium size bowl. I would recommend this Mirro food press to everyone that likes to can.", "I was so disappointed first was the price then the sized. I grew up with using colanders like this, but they were bigger you could put more in them and it didn't take forever with running food or apples through them.", "I got this for my parentsThey didn't want a large size, and this was just what they were looking for.  They've had it for a little over a month, and so far they have no complaints at all.", 'Works like a charm', "Working Great! I have only used it a few times but so far very happy with it and it's smaller size. As always with Amazon, fast and easy delivery,", "I have owned and used 3 Presto Pressure Cookers in the past 35 years, they are the best! I owned another brand for a short time, it did not perform the way my Presto does, so I gave it away! I have never had any problem with my pressure cooker's, Presto is very easy to use, just be sure to use the right amount of liquid with whatever you make, after time you will be a pro and will be able to make up your own recipes, it is fast, and makes the most toughest cut of meat super tender! I usually cook my 7-bone roast for 45 minutes, and the meat just falls apart! Great for cooking Artichokes too, add 1 1/2 cups of water, your Artichokes, place the lid on and when the cooker comes up to pressure, reduce heat to a slow rocking (the pressure regulator you put on the top of the lid) and cook for 15-17 minutes depending on the size of the Artichoke, they will be perfect! Do your own experimenting and enjoy the cooker, you will be hooked just like me!", "Back in the day, moms all had pressure cookers and made beef stews and pot roasts in them. These cookers are being rediscovered and are making a big comeback as they're not just for stew any more. Hundreds of new recipes are appearing and Amazon has some really good pressure cooker cookbooks available. We recently bought this Presto 4 qt. size (just for 2 of us) but larger sizes are available. Mom was right, they are FAST, make delicious food and will impress guests. They're not expensive - give this a try, you won't be disappointed.", "i love using a pressure cooker because it makes meats tender...also is faster too cook with.  I got for camping and keep my big one at home.  Also as its aluminum it's much lighter weight for the trailer.", 'I have had a few pressure cookers in the past and have found that they are still so useful even with all of our other technologies on the market today.  This one is a 4 quart, very easy and fast to use.  I used it when I had a family of 5, and is still useful today with just my husband and I.  I recommend this product.', 'Good solid design, time proven dependability.', 'Other reviewers see the same problem as mine.The lower handle has little to hold it on. The single bolt that came with the pot is too small and won\'t hold on. We were forced into using a 32 thread 1/4" hex bolt. It held for a year. Now the handle has fallen off, again. Is the bolt the problem? No, it\'s the threaded receptacle! MAYBE, if I drill out the receiving threaded shank and try to force a 32 thread #10 bolt in.If This doesn\'t work, I\'m avoiding buying another Presto from China.When the pot worked, it did well. A little hard to get the aluminium grooves to hit the slots without a fight.Nope, this cooker is useless. Presto you stink.', "This little pressure cooker works great.  This little pressure cooker works great. I've only used it a couple of times but would recommend it for small to medium roasts, etc.", "There is little good about this Presto 4qt Aluminum pressure cooker.  It...Cannot keep the handle tight, I have to tighten it down about every other use.Cannot form a steam tight seal, steam leaks out around the handles, making them hot to touch, and through the pressure stem indicator that is supposed to seal off...it doesn't.Cannot keep the broth (fluid) inside from spewing out the weighted rocker pressure regulator even though the fluid level is well below the 4 guart level.Has no opposing handle; so picking it up while hot and full is problematic when trying to move the cooker to a faucet to cool it down.In a word, we got what we paid for...the cheapest and worst made pressure cooker on the market.", "Our 20+ year old 4 quart Presto pressure cooker has had at least half a dozen gasket replacements. We're pretty old, so I thought it was time to get my 79 year old cook, and lovely wife of 55 years a bright new pot instead of just another gasket.The old one worked well for all these years, and the new one already has a dozen or more cooking cycles on it - and appears to do as well as the one it replaced.BTW: we replaced a 6 quart Presto at the same time and the comment is the same on it.", 'Presto 01241 4-Quart Aluminum Pressure CookerGreat for standard pressure cooker needs, not larger enough for those really big jobs.Only issue I have is that the finish dulled completely when put in dishwasher', 'For those of you who eat things like wheat berries, this is the gadget for you. If you have a family, get the next bigger size, but this is good for one old guy who camps.', "I was finally convinced that I need a pressure cooker for meat due to my work hours. I looked everywhere for the smallest size, they were either unavailable or too expensive. Reviews here showed great product so I bought it. I used it the very first day and I couldn't be more satisfied. Meat cooked in 12 minutes vs 30-45 minutes. I gave it four stars only because the color changes after washing it but that doesn't affect the cooking. It comes with directions which explained how long each food takes to cook.", 'Handle gets loose.  Also, the handle pops and breaks apart as it heats up.  It literally pops and explodes, bits and pieces go flying, hot drops of plastic! I returned mine.', 'I have read several comments about loose screws on the handles.  Go to your local auto parts store and ask for &#34;Loc-Tight&#34;.  You clean the screws of any oil, put on a few drops of &#34;Loc-Tight&#34; and replace the screws.  Let then cure a few hours per the instructions...and...Problem solved.', 'I am using the cooker for about 3 years now and so far everything is going fine. This cooker is ultra efficient. Throw anything in it, it can make a nice well cooked food in 5-10 minutes. Key is let it cool off on its own. However, I really wish I purchased the steel one since aluminium body looks kind of ugly after some use.', 'About 4 quart aluminum Presto pressure cooker, purchased from Amazon. It is made in China. This item is made real cheap, it not only does not do the job, the screws of the plastic handle get lose all the time. I had used altogether 3 times and every time it did not do the job and after tightening the screw for 3 times the screw worn out. I realize amazon will only refund partially according to the return policy I just read. I will have to also spend more money for Shipping fees so I guess I can keep it for junk collection or throw it away. I never had rated any item I bought from amazon less than 3 stars but this item only deserve 1 star. I will not recommend to buy it. I still have a larger Presto steel pressure cooker, that works perfectly for years of use. I just wanted a smaller size. But wasted money for this junk.', 'It cooks very well, easy to use, zero problem and I use it regularly. Highly recommended. One suggestion: add a switch to let the steam go out once the cooking is done.', "I have vivid memories of my mother and grandmother back in Cuba in the1950's when Cuba was free and beautiful and can yet see my mother cooking with these Presto pressure cookers almost every day...  So many great meals she prepared with it. I came to the US in 1965 and had to left them in Havana until 1970 when she and my father finally came to joint me here in the US.  After a few days of them here we went to buy  cooking utensils and kitchenware for our new home here in Miami.  I purchased for her a Presto 6 quart and 4 quart cooker.  Do not have to say she was delighted.  She used them like in Cuba, almost every day for many, many delicious meals, until she was very old (92 years old) and passed away in 1995.  I still have these Prestos and they are like new.  I just have ordered the gaskets and pressure valve through the Presto site here in the Web.  Just to say I cook a lot myself and used them very often.  Presto stands back on all their models and have replacement parts for all their cookers old and new.  They even have the originals Manuals with recipes and user instructions and times for every model the have ever produced.  I should say these cookers would last for generations if well treated and cleaned. They are part of the dear memories I have of my family.", 'Got it as a gift, it works very well, and has created many tasty meals in a short amount of time!its simple to use, but read the instructions first! the included cooking times book is a nice touch.I am happy with this purchase of the aluminum version vs the steel, the heat spreads evenly and is lighter. Costs a bit more but is worth it not to have burnt food at the bottom!it includes different racks as well for steaming.This is a good size for medium sized meals!', 'I really wanted to use this for sterilizing pint canning jars, but it is not tall enough.  however, it does cook an artichoke or two, and they get done fast, and they are cooked all the way through.  everything cooks faster under pressure', "I bought this to replace a Presto 4 Quart Pressure Cooker that was 45 years old and would no longer hold pressure even with a new gasket. It was a great unit and we hated to have to replace it. This new one works just as well as the old one did when it was new. You can pay a lot more for a pressure cooker but I don't see how it would work any better.", 'Great price and fast shipping. Includes recipe book and time tables, very important information when using this pot. So easy to use and doesn`t take up much space. Beef stew is awesome!', "I'd used my old pressure cooker for over 20 years. The Teflon coating was chipping off, and because of safety concerns, I was happy to receive another pressure cooker as a gift. That cooker (the Casa Essentials 5-quart model) only lasted for a few uses. The silicone seal ring lost its ability to form a seal, and the part cost almost as much as the cooker. I decided to upgrade and bought the Presto 4-quart cooker.Within a few uses, the handle became loose, because the screws that hold it on are too small. Every time I use the cooker, I tighten the handle. Next, the safety seal in the lid started seating improperly and allowing steam to escape. So as the pot heats up, I tap on the safety seal to seat it properly.Today when I tapped, the safety seal fell down into the chicken soup, which began spraying out of the hole and all over the kitchen. Not a pleasant event on a morning when I felt a bit under the weather and was looking forward to a bowl of chicken soup for lunch.I fished out the rubber seal and put the soup in a conventional pan to finish cooking. Because of the problem with the handles, I'm not going to replace the seal. I will discard the pan and either buy a good quality pressure cooker or do without one.", "I will admit that my negative experience with this pressure cooker is partially my fault. I didn't realize that this model did not have a quick release. I should have noticed this from the photo so it is really my fault. I thought all modern day pressure cookers had quick release valves. I have an eight quart pressure cooker by Presto and I am in love with it. That is why I stuck with the same brand. I wanted to get something smaller to cook smaller portions of food.I also didn't like how I had to screw the handles into place. I want something that has permanently attached handles. I'm going to send this item back and buy another eight quart pressure cooker by Presto. I can't seem to find any smaller sized pressure cookers that have a quick release option. If anyone does, please let me know by leaving a comment or messaging me.", "This is my first pressure cooker and I can't complain so far. Only advice I would do: make sure you screw the handle very tight otherwise you would get a loose grip, which is not the best experience to have while carrying a heavy hot pot...", 'I had always known that cooking under a higher pressure would accelerate the cooking process. I had just never realized by how much. With this pressure cooker, hours turn into minutes. Even slow-cooked chili which normally takes 6 hours of slow cooking to get it right can be done in 30 minutes. Amazing!This pressure cooker is sturdy and easy to assemble. It is also remarkably easy to use, just put the lid on and rotate it sideways until the handles lock. It is also easy to clean, as easy as any other pot or pan.And there are soooo many recipes!Very much recommended!', "I live at 9500 ft altitude where it can take many hours to tenderize anything. I cook stew meat in 25 to 30 mins, pot roast in 50 mins, veggies in 5 mins after it gets up to temp. Trick is to have only the small recommended amount of water.I've had the 6 qt stainless for 18 years and need to replace the rubber seal and plug every 7 years or so. I use mine a lot, 3 times a week ($7 for both at AMZ) which is why I am here commenting. Don't get the aluminum ones, not good for you.Very safe and fool proof. You can't open it until it stops steaming.Tales about dangerous come from Grandmas who were cooking in the 1930's, 40 and early 50's before safety features.Buy into their recipes not their tales.", "This thing has been great. I am still terrified every time I use it but it hasn't blown up on me so that's a plus lolWould have given it 5 stars if it didn't scare the hell out of me.", 'We really like this pressure cooker.  It is well made and the perfect size for our family.  We have cooked beans, chicken, beef, and many other items in it and it works great and is high quality.  Shipped fast & well packaged.', 'This is my second presto stainless steel. The first one is still going strong, in constant use since 1984. The old one is twice the size of this one, and I bought this smaller pressure cooker so I can cook smaller portions.it works perfectly as intended.', 'I was really looking forward to getting the Presto 6 Qt. Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker.  My mother had used one, and the name "Presto" really meant something to me.  Even though I was unfamiliar with this kind of cooker, the previous reviews left me confident that this one in particular would be a good choice.Yikes!  I opened the Amazon carton only to find a very small box for a 6-qt. cooker. Turns out, this pressure cooker will arrive at your door IN NEED OF ASSEMBLY.  Well, I was still game.  Pulled out my handy dandy Philips screwdriver and carefully followed directions.  The long handles had one screw only -- Not much for all the weight and pressure that pressure cooker handles must endure -- But I still gave it a shot.I made Chicken Chutney (recipe in the instruction booklet) which was "okay" -- Let\'s suppose that I haven\'t used a pressure cooker before (too true, too true).  So if the dish was "meh," that could be my fault.  But ...As I was washing the cooker, it really became clear that the handle was loose.  The screw was as tight as possible (the instructions warn against screwing it too tight lest the plastic break), and the handle itself was clearly loose.  So. . .I am returning it to Amazon (they have made this very easy, UPS will even pick it up from my home).  In the meantime, I will be looking for a good quality stainless pressure cooker that is securely made, and doesn\'t come with "assembly required."', "This pressure cooker is great for getting all of the flavors out of chicken and the broth gets a lovely golden color.Also good for stews.I know many people are afraid of using pressure cookers, but when you know the taste will be much richer,it's worth using,definitely.Highly recommended.", "This is the first time I owned a pressure cooker. It's very easy to use and helps me cut down the time to cook beans, meat,.. subtantially.", "At first I hated the heavy metal cap that sits on top of the steam valve.  I always forgot to take it off before opening the lid, and one time it fell down hard on the floor, almost hitting my toes.  Turns out there's a purpose.  It's a visual/audio indicator of how much steam is coming out.  If it rocks too fast then I'd need to lower the fire.  On a pressure cooker, more heat doesn't cook any faster.  It only wastes gas/electricity and drains out the liquid inside faster.Although the manual recommends waiting for the steam to go away by itself before opening the lid, or dunk the whole thing into cold water, which could be a few minutes.  I usually take a very long spatula, position my hand below the lid and gently pry the rocker cap off to let the steam out faster.  If you do this, be very careful or else you'd get burn.  Seriously, this is hotter than normal steam.It works very well.  Holds pressure much better than my old Mantra pressure cooker, and thus tenderizes the meat much faster.At first I was hesitant to buy stainless steel, because it's more expensive and doesn't conduct heat well.  But the bottom has a layer of other metal to absorb heat, so it's not any different compared to my aluminum Mantra cooker.  Stainless is easier to clean as well, and looks better.  Some people worry that aluminum causes alzheimer, but there's no medical proof of it.  Oh well, at least I get the stainless steel so that I don't have to wonder.", 'High quality stainless steel construction is a big improvement over the aluminum cooker it replaces, and the availability of the accessory lids make this capable of doing so much more than just pressure cooking. Brand reputation matters, we are sure that replacement parts from Presto will always be available.', "I didn't grow up in a family with a pressure cooker (PC), so really the only thing I knew or thought I knew was that they were dangerous, hard to use, something from the past. Boy could I not have been more wrong. I started thinking of getting one probably for the same reasons you are, the appeal of fast cooking, with tasty and healthy results, and improved safety over the pressure cookers from the past. My wife and I have had this model now for a couple of weeks and it delivers on all counts.The basic idea is that because of the pressure that builds up inside, water gets to 250 degrees, it is super hot. And at that temperature it can break down the tough parts of meats and cook things very quickly. Yet it also retains nutrients and tastes good. Well it does cook fast and it is tasty. I will take the experts opinion that it is also a healthy way to cook.As a PC newbee I had no idea what to expect. First off is a little bit of assembly. That went quickly and smoothly. Second is READING the instruction booklet. This is not a pan or a microwave or something like that. It is safe..but also something that is, well, under pressure. And pressure can be dangerous. After getting familiar with the parts of the pressure cooker we cooked our first meal, a pot roast. It was super easy and delicious. We used, frankly, a pretty cheap piece of meat but it came out tasting fantastic. It was quick but something to keep in mind is cooking time does not usually include the time to heat it up and the time to cool it down. Also you can't just walk away. Once the pressure seals the cooker most of the time you have to then reduce the heat. But it really isn't that much oversight.In any event even taking all of that into account it was still by far the fastest pot roast I have ever cooked and better than average in taste. We have done some chicken dishes and some rice dishes. It has turned out perfect rice in a fraction of the time it would have taken otherwise. We are still getting a feel for seasoning. Sometimes we have had dishes too seasoned and other times not but nothing that hasn't been easily as tasty as other ways we cook things.So if you are a PC newbee like me I say give it a try. As long as you read the instructions and respect the pressure it is a pretty easy way to cook with excellent tasty results in a quick amount of time. Granted it has only been a couple of weeks but we have eaten out much less these 2 weeks. We picked up a well regarded cookbook on AmazonPressure Perfect: Two Hour Taste in Twenty Minutes Using Your Pressure Cookerand so far so good. This could easily become the main way you cook, it has that a good a combination of benefits and realtive ease of use. What it excels at is...great results/unit of effort and time. I can't see many other ways that you can maximize your cooking effort and cooking time than a PC.", 'I am very happy with this pressure cooker, seems to be very well made (which is important for safety). I bought it to cook beans but it comes with a few recipes if you are new to pressure cooking so I tried a roast beef one and it came out great.', "This is my second presto pressure cooker in a year. I loved my first one and used it several times a week, but I didn't add enough water once, scorched the heck out of it, and it was never the same. I tried all the thrifty tricks to get out scorched ick but it didn't work. However, I liked and used this one so much I bought another one exactly like my first.I have a Russel Hobbes electric pressure cooker that is larger and really nice for food that cooks longer because I can set it and walk away. However, it's big and bulky. My Presto is my go too pressure cooker for potatoes, makes great cheesecake, I love pressure cooking squash, carrots etc. The construction is heavy and seems well made.", "Just received this unit, and I'm very happy with it so far. It is easy to assemble, sturdy, and most importantly has a very simple design which I anticipate will be durable into the future. My previous pressure cooker was a complex affair with springs and components tucked away in plastic housing so that they could not be accessed. This design, on the other hand, is much more simplistic, which is a very good thing. It cost about 1/4 the price of the cheapest PC that I could get in local stores (including postage), and is a preferable design.", "Works, but, wish there were an easy way to tell if you're out of water", "Bought this on November 13 last year. Have used it 10 (that's ten) times. I only hand wash it; I do not use the dishwasher for cleaning it. I use a dishrag plus a fabric coated sponge for washing dishes. No scratchers have been used on it. It is currently showing rust spots around the top edge. Fortunately I did not pay a lot for it, but it still was too high a price to pay for a piece of cookware that basically only lasted a little over 2 months as I don't wish to eat rust.It is also very lightweight compared to the old pressure cooker my mother had for over 40 years; maybe that is why the metal isn't very high quality.Firm believer in the old adage that you get what you pay for; my bad. Have ordered another brand that is pricier. I am not in the financial position to pay more for one specialty pan than I did for my entire set of stainless pots and pans, so we will see how this next one works out.", "I have only had this for a few weeks. I have cooked Winter squash a couple of times and it worked great. I don't admit to being an expert on pressure cookers but this one seems to work very well. The handles came loose the first time I used it, so tightening them really good the second time seems to have done the trick.", "It's the right size to cook a roast and it's easy and safe to use.  What I usually use it for is to cook up a 3-5 pound boneless chuck roast (when it's in sale).  Here's what I do:put in a couple of tablespoons of oliver oil and brown the meat top and bottom.  Take the meat out, toss in the trivet and put on top of the roast 2 cut up carrots, 2 stalks of celery cut up and half one large or two medium peeled onions.  Throw a few peppercorns, 1 or 2 bay leaves and some dill weed on top and pour in a can of beef stock and add a little water.close the lid firmly and put on the regulator, and after it starts up, it's 45 minutes to a perfect pot roast.Everyone's got tricks for lowering the pressure, I just use a wooden spoon and after turning off the gas burner, I simply push down on the round black rubber and release the pressue until the silver button drops.  There!  No fuss or hassle and this method does not hurt the unit at all.Yes, the handle is a bit short, but it still works very well, especially since I never have to carry it full to the sink to run cold water to release pressure.  I've never had a problem with this pressure cooker (buy the stainless and not the aluminum!)I've had mine for over 3 years and use it mostly in the winter months...I've probably made 20 roasts in the unit.", "Strong words for a pressure cooker, I know, but this thing has been such a disappointment.  I bought it to replace my old 6-Quart Presto pressure cooker that worked well and faithfully for many years.  I'm not sure if they have started making these things in China after I purchased my last pressure cooker or what.  This new one is much lighter weight and the metal feels thin and cheap.  The handle screw continually comes loose which makes the handle itself loose and wobbly.  The pressure hole doesn't seem to line up properly so that I have to use a knife to wiggle the pressure button free to pop up so it can start to cook after the pressure builds.  If you are looking for a solid, reliable pressure cooker - - keep looking!  This is not the one!", 'I had never used a pressure cooker before but have been planning to buy one for a while, and decided to buy this one because it looks well made and has good reviews.I tried cooking several vegetables and some Sirloin tips (separately) and found the Sirloin surprisingly tender, the vegetables retained a lot more flavor.I did carefully read the instructions and after one or two uses found it easy to use. I bought a timer to use with it because cooking times seem to be important as does making sure it does not boil dry.This is a great time and energy saver, resulting in great tasting food!', 'This is my first experience with a pressure cooker.  Coming from an asian background it\'s not something we normally cook with.  We normally go the "slow cooking" route instead to make our soups and broths.  This item is great in that you can make some good stock and soups etc in about 60 to 90 minutes.  I tried using this for the first time yesterday and it was great.  My wife was extremely skeptical at first, to the point of getting a backup plan for dinner but she\'s happy it worked out.The unit is well made, the handle locks easily and it has a safety feature that wont\' allow you to unlock it when there is pressure.  the ONLY thing you have to worry about is knocking over the weighted pressure release and allowing steam to fly up.It does make some noise but I like it, it allows me to hear from afar if the heat setting is correct.  I find the size of the cooker to work well for 3-4 adults.  If you have more than that, get the 8qt or larger cooker.My ONE concern with this is losing the pressure release weight...other than that, I just bought another one to give to my mom :)', "One of the better pressure cookers we've owned.  We cook rice and lentils a lot in our pressure cooker and this makes it perfect each time.  No issues that we've had with other brands like Prestige.", "I've had several pressure cookers.  This one is easy to handle, good quality, and so far so good in terms of stains.  I read the instructions, and follow them to the letter.  Love my pressure cooker.", "I have been using Presto Pressure Cookers for the past 35+ years, they are simply the best on the market, and I have had other brands, those other brands ended up at my yard sale, the Presto Pressure Cooker is the best! always reliable, and I have never had to replace the gasket, that is saying something to the quality of the product, which by the was has been on the market for longer than I have been alive, and thats a long long time, so why bother with the rest when you can have the best, and at a great price, give it a try, you will be delighted with all you can make and the time saved cooking this way, especially cheaper cuts of meat,I can't say enough good things about this pressure cooker!", "I had one of these great cookers long ago.  My old one was very heavy.  This one is made of stainless steel and seems to be lighter.  I had to attach the handles, so some assembly on this one is required.  My first recipe was, 'Ham Hocks & Navy Beans', and I cooked the pre-soaked beans and ham hocks in about 25 or 30 minutes.  They turned out great, but had to guess at the cooking time, as the recipe was not in the enclosed instruction/recipe booklet, but in my head!  Since then, I have purchased two great pressure cooker cookbooks.  I plan to cook many more dishes in this quick-cooking appliance.  Be sure to read THOROUGHLY, the instruction booklet, to safely use this(& all) pressure cookers.", "I cook daily in a pressure cooker so this product is very important to me. I have a Hawkins 2 liter cooker, prestige 3.5 liter and a presto 6 quart pressure cooker but they are all aluminum. I've had the presto 6 qt aluminum for at least over 6 years. It works very well. The best thing about it as compared to Hawkins and Prestige is that it doesn't let pressure off in loud installments (which scares the kids), its more like a consistent whistle.The main reason to buy the 4 qt steel cooker was to have a size between the ones I already owned, suitable for a family of four, and also the reason that stainless steel doesn't react with the food, which is important to me because I often marinate the meat before cooking certain dishes.The new presto has a flatter bottom which sits better on my cook top unlike the old one which rocks a little bit, the heating is even and its easier to clean as well. What I didn't like is that the steaming plate that comes with the cooker is  made of aluminum. But its not a deal breaker for me. I think that Presto is a very dependable brand and I'll happily recommend it to anyone.", 'It is a good pressure cooker.  I only have one complaint.  The handle seems to loosen after using it several times.  I had another one, and it did the same thing.  I just tighten it.  Presto is one of the best, but I think they should address the handle problem.', "I remember a bit of a kitchen disaster during my childhood when the seal blew off my mother's pressure cooker.  Even after a thorough wipe down of cabinets and walls, we were still finding bits of broth and meat fat blown everywhere for the next few days.  I've lived in fear of them ever since, but finally decided to take a chance on one after reading that the models made after 1990 were much safer.I'm glad I changed my mind.  It's super for quickly making beans and brown rice which otherwise take so long.  Meat browns easily in the pan and then, when sealed, those cuts of beef, pork, or chicken cook and tenderize in a flash to be used in burritos, enchiladas, or pasta meals.  Everything cooks to perfection in just a fraction of the usual time.I like the fact that this Presto model is stainless steel rather than aluminum.  However, since aluminum is a better conductor of heat, this Presto model has a bi-metal base with a disc of aluminum welded to the outside bottom of the pan.  This pressure cooker set includes a special insert rack that allows you to cook multiple foods at once without their flavors intermingling.  (This, of course, only works if the various foods are not suspended in the same liquid together.)This Presto model is safe because it won't open while still under pressure.  If you're pressed for time, you can run cold water over the lid or set the pan in cold water to drop the pressure more quickly.  When filled, it is a bit heavy and it take two hands for me to carry it.Clean-up isn't difficult.  I wash it by hand even though it is considered dishwasher-safe.  The top can be soaked in hot soapy water to get it thoroughly cleaned.It comes with a book of recipes which include soups/stews, roasts, vegetables, rice, and desserts.", 'I like this little cooker.  It comes with very good detailed instructions for cooking various foods.  The instructions addressed questions we had without having to do further research.  I would recommend this.  Keep in mind that you do not use the entire 6 QT so buy a larger one if you need to make 6 QT of food.  The cooker can only be about half full for some items and two thirds full for other times.  I will check those line markers and update if I got it wrong.  20130130.', 'We have tried Beef, Poultry, and Pork in various different vegatables in the cooker and have not had a failure once. The stainles version is the only way to go.', "This replaces it's predecessor aluminum 4-quart Presto Pressure Cooker that Aunt Mildred gave me when I married.  I'm 76 now and was searching for a new gasket on Google.  I found the gasket and a new handle (the handle is cracked from so many years of use).  I also saw the new stainless steel 4-quart pressure cooker that I looked at again after ordering the gasket and handle.  I ordered it and am so pleased that I did.  It works as well as the old reliable that has served me for so long.  I like the rocking steam escape sound because I can monitor it for adjustment without going and looking at a gauge.  I had bought another brand some time ago but had gone back to my favorite Presto.", "This is not my first pressure cooker. I was looking for a replacement for some weirdo one my hubby's ex left him years ago. I have a giant-sized Presto pressure canner and love it. So I like Presto and liked the size of the ex's weirdo canner. (weird because it had handles that came off all the time, no instructions, no visible brand I could find and was a strange operator.)I wanted stainless steel--easier in the long run, to clean and to cook in. Six quarts is just about the perfect size since I rarely cook for a crowd anymore.This is a nice, solid, reliable cooker. Presto does a good job on the owners manual, some basic recipes, etc. The cooker has a little rack so you can keep your meat off the floor of the cooker.This is not a canner. You could (and I have) use it as a little baby canner for a small load of small jars. I have used it as a canner for about 4-5 pints. The instructions do not say this is a canner, and you probably should know what you're doing if you plan to can with this. It takes about the same amount of time whether you can in this or in the giant cooker, so why not do a large load, I say.Pressure cooking doesn't necessarily save time depending on what you're cooking, when you consider it takes a while to build the pressure. This takes some practice, and knowing your food and your stove. I like it because it cooks meat really tender quicker than any other method.It takes very little experience to get to know the proper pressure without a guage. It makes a rythmic rocking noise, not too fast,not too slow.I find clean up a breeze. This baby is dishwasher safe. I soak it a couple minutes, if needed, then pop her in the DW. Take the rubber gasket off first. You should always hand wash the gasket.", 'I love it. I would go for the 6 quart for extra room next time.', "I have an electric pressure cooker that has a hard anodized interior that is sometimes impossible to clean.  This stainless steel pressure cooker is a breeze to clean.  As soon as it arrived I went to my local hardware store and replaced all of the screws with stainless steel because that seem to be a problem with other users.  I soaked some black beans and after only 4 minutes cooking under pressure, I had a pot of beans.  The 6 quart size is perfect for me since you can't fill it too much.  I just love my new pressure cooker.  Looking forward to many great meals.", 'Great cooker.  I have been using this one since about 2008.  Very reliable, nice flat bottom that is very thick.  I use it on a glass top stove without any problem.', "My firstPresto 01781 23-Quart Pressure Canner and Cookeris for canning. It is this huge cooker, not for your everyday meal. I picked the 4 quart cooker for its' size. I want to make smaller sized meals. If you give me a large pot, I am going to fill it up! Then I have to deal with all the left overs. This cooker is the right size for two with plenty of left overs for the week. My first recipe was with dried beans (black, pinto) for chili. The booklet said only cook for 3 min. after the quick soak (one hour). I did't believe that was possible. Because I have tried to cook dried bean on the stove top and it took hours and hours. And they still weren't done to my liking. So I left the beans in about five min. they were almost over cooked, tender and delicious!I am going to love this cooker. Next up is tough cuts of beef. See what I can do with them. Keep in mind you can only fill it 2/3 full while cooking with pressure. I believe this so food particles don't get trapped in the vent.The basic theory is you cook the longest cooking time ingredient first. Let's say, chuck roast then you release the pressure when almost done. That's the time you add Potatoes, onions seasonings and carrots. After reading the booklet for cooking times and recipes it is almost faster then a microwave oven.....REALLY!", 'We have had a pressure cook for many years.  It was great for camping, for we could make New England Boil Dinner.  My wife has our old one at the shore, and we use it a lot.  However, many of the family are not there but in our villa 100 miles away, and we like many meals that we us the Presto pressure cooker.  Now, I can make the dinners here, and we thing they are the best pressure cookers around.  It is great time saver.', 'This was purchased to replace an 8 quart aluminum Presto.  The lid must have been "sprung" because it didn\'t want to close.  The handles and screws were not as good as those on the aluminum Presto models I\'ve had.  Amazon\'s shipping box was fine when it got here, but inside the manufacturer\'s box was mangled - leading me to believe it was that way before it was packed.There was a dent on the side of the cooker near where it rolls underneath to the bottom.I returned it to Amazon - they gave me a full refund.  I got aFagor Futuro 10 Quart.MUCH more expensive, but it\'s easily the best pressure cooker I\'ve ever had, especially the built-in pressure regulator.  And it\'s made in Spain, not China.', "i bought this over a year ago and finally decided to write a review after having used it.  I didn't think it was gonna be a very smart purchase as it seemed to be limited in the uses.  well let me be the first to say i was wrong.  Making soups and stews are a no brainer, making a modest batch of soup stock in short notice is such a time saver.  take the bones and a few root veggies add water, let the cooker come to a pressure and leave for 45 minutes and you have some decent soup base.  The same lines as stews, get some cheaper cuts of meats and cube it up, add your standard seasoning and a can of beer let it run for 15 odd minutes turn off the heat and let it come down in pressure by itself and you have one awesome tender meal.  yeah, you could make the same thing in a regular pot but when you get the same results in a short time it's a simple answer.  why slave in the kitchen when you can be almost a one pot meal.  plus these meals are awesome in the fall.", "This is a no-frills pressure cooker.  It could be a little bigger, but it does the job very well.When 'boiling' food in a traditional pot, the food cannot exceed 212 degrees F (the temperature at which water boils).  Under pressure, the boiling point rises...  in this pressure cooker to about 250 degrees F.  This means, of course, that food cooks faster (the reason people normally think to buy a pressure cooker), but the higher temperature also allows other 'reactions' to take place while cooking... For instance, the tougher fibers in meat will convert to gelatin, making the meat more tender.  As a result,  pressure cookers are great for braised dishes with tough meats, such as chili.  For these purposes, this pressure cooker rocks.Larger pressure cookers can also be used for canning (because the higher temperatures can kill more bad things.  This pressure cooker really is not large enough for this task.  If you are not a canner though, compare the prices of this against those larger models... I think you will be back looking at this one.", 'I had purchased a Kuhn-Rikon cooker but it finally failed. I bought this one from Amazon and it works great for one reason: It cannot fail. The old fashioned jiggler weight is fail-proof. Cookers with springs and valves will fail over time-the heat and pressure do damage.My little weight became crusty with water salts, so I bought a new one. No problem.', 'I\'m a novice pressure cooker user but this one "just works".  Simple to use both for pressure cooking and for sauteeing.  I like that it\'s stainless and that it was cheap!', 'Thin metal burns easily and stains easily and VERY difficult to clean...I should have bought a better quality, much more durable (more expensive) item.Save your money, buy something else. Something of better metal (mettle).david', "Aside from it being a pressure cooker, this is the nicest pot I own.  It also comes with a useful recipe booklet.  I can't add much to all the 5-star reviews here, but for what it's worth, 'I like it too!'", 'Presto is one of the few old time manufacturers that have maintained quality.  This pressure cooker is very well made and works perfectly.  Looks nice and cleans up easy.  I would recommend it to a friend (or even a stranger).  I am very happy with it and fully expect it to last for many years.', 'I\'ve been using a pressure cooker ever since I was young.  Everyone in my family has one and they do last for a long time.Now, I cook professionally.  One of my valuable cooking vessel is the pressure cooker.  It takes really tough meat and make is buttery soft.  I haven\'t tried cooking veggies on these things, just because they are more delicate than a piece of shank.  By the way, I just ordered two for gifts.  And it made from stainless steal.One word of caution though!!!...  When cooking with this, make sure after you hear it whistle, turn down your heat to a low medium to a medium!!!..  All you want is a soft whistle.  It\'s compared to having a roll boil and a boiling water; it\'s just a waste of energy. Violent whistling means, too much pressure is building up, not good coz, the food can only take a certain pressure to still be recognizable, and the pot can only take so much pressure.  I\'ve heard form a couple of users who neglected this "alarm", actually had their "tops" blow up.  A couple of users also reported, they actually got burned by the steam.  Also, if you have to move the pot while is hot and still whistling, do it carefully, make sure it level and place it down carefully or the pressure might burst the top off.  But, don\'t let this scare you!!!  Like any other tools, you have to know how to use them properly.  A knife should be used with care.  A pressure cooker!!!  A LOT of care and common sense.Tips and advice:  When cooking stews and other stuff, make sure you dont\' have too much liquid or meat/veggies when cooking or you might end up with burnt food or worst, a stew geyser.  If you need to add more stuff to the pot while it is still hot and whistling; care fully place the hot pot under running cold water and cold bath and wait for the pressure to decipate.  Always clean the rubber seal coz, it does accumulate food residue.  And always, always be careful with dealing with high pressure and high heat.  Happy cooking.', "This is a really excellent item....but the little rubber safety button (to release pressure if something gets clogged) isn't as good as it could be.  Every now and then, it releases the steam so no pressure can build up.  If I jiggle it, to get it to set, it generally falls down into the kettle.  At that point, I have to remove the lid, and fish the button out of whatever is in there -- easy if it's broccoli, but more of a problem if it's bean soup.  I realize that this is my fault for not checking it each time, but with my old one (not nearly as good, overall) I never had to think about it.  Remember, this is a GREAT pressure cooker -- I'm just kvetching.", "Love this long lasting and dependable pressure cooker! I got it many years ago and haven't even had to replace the rubber yet. Works great every time.", 'I was going to spend more money on a more expensive model... however i read some reviews and people swore by this product.I bought it and first day i bought it i pressure cooked a whole chickena nd it turned out great.  IT does the jobs without frills and cleans up great.  Good thing is... if it hits the fan than i can just buy another to replace it.', "This was purchased for my mom who only uses Presto Pressure Cookers, the problem is hers are all aluminum and my husband and I have been after her to replace them with stainless steel.  While visiting her over the Christmas holidays, we ordered her this pressure cooker which arrived while we are still there....quick delivery, that's an Amazon Prime perk!!!  Needless to say she immediately throw out the old aluminum pressure cooker.  She is very happy with her new one and so are we.", "I always avoided pressure cookers until a little over a year ago. I purchased the Presto 6-quart electric version. I love it, but it is annoying to have to drag it out when I wanted to use it. I saw this smaller size stove-top variety and hoped it would be as good as the electric. It's better!  I never put it away because it has become my go-to pan whether or not I'm using the pressure cooking feature. It's a good weight, great heat distribution, NOT aluminium, and sturdy. As a pressure cooker, I find that I can turn the heat on my stove to between 2 and 3 and it works beautifully. From using the other pressure cooker once or twice a month, I find I use this one three-four times a week. Minor issue - yes - the screws do rust. One of these days, I'll take one to Home Depot so I can get a non-rusting version.", "I like it, and I use it occasionally.  It seems sturdy and safe.  I'm glad I got it.  I have no complaints.", "my mother used her pressure cooker to feed 5 kids on a regular basis, and the stories of her mother's old ring-style pressure cooker, well... just hilarious.  I have no such entertaining stories, just dozens of great meals cooked quickly and well in a cooker that goes directly into the dishwasher, no fuss, no muss.  Learn how to use one and you will never live without one.  This one is quite good because if the cooker isn't stainless steel, putting it in the dishwasher will turn it white.  And certain ailments claim a link to higher levels of aluminum in the blood.", "This order was a terrific bargain!  The product is excellent.  The results are good.  I'm very pleased.  I would recommend to prospective buyers that they ascertain their needs first.  I should've gotten a 6qt size.  Unless you're apt to prepare fairly small meals the 4 qt is small.If you cook for one or two and don't make large meals this 4 qt is ideal.", "I gave this Presto 6-quart pressure cooker to my daughter for her birthday .  She works full time and thought this would be a real time-saver for her.  It has met her expectations and is very happy with it.  She's able to prepare meals in minutes, which means she's not only saving time, but eating better.  In comparing this unit with others available, the price was great and turned out to be a very good value.", "This pressure cooker is our first one and our first time to cook with one. We used one of the recipes printed in the user's manual, Herbed Chicken. The recipe calls for basil, celery, oregano, parsley, onions, and garlic, along with other readily available ingredients. Total time for the meal to be ready from food preparation, to the pressure cooker building up to pressure, with the actual cooking time was about 15 minutes.The Herbed Chicken was absolutely delicious. We can't wait to try another recipe. We also ordered 2 pressure cooker cookbooks. It really is satifying to own a fine and affordable cooking appliance such as this one in which we can cook delicious, nutritious meals that are prepared within 15 minutes. It was not difficult to use, and clean up was effortless and fast. We did read the user's manual carefully since this was our first time with one.The price was very reasonable, and this pressure cooker has a 12 year warranty (according to the user's manual). Thanks Amazon for the fast delivery service, and thanks Presto for the fine pressure cooker. We look forward to using it on a weekly basis.", 'I have used this cooker quite a number of times and it does an excellent job of what it is suppose to do.', "I've used a Premium grade, Innova 8 Qt. for years, It is way too big for every day, single person use. The Presto works decently, but not well built. The handles are fastened by only one screw. The lid closing stop, catches past the point it should be. The lid pressure open-lock safety takes effort to seat when heating up.The 4 QT and 6 QT are both 8 1/2 in. Dia. Without the lid, the 4 Qt is 4 1/2 in. height, the 6 Qt is only 2 in. taller making it the better option. A few recipes are too big for the 4 Qt.Induction compatible??? A magnet sticks to the bottom and top, but not the sides.", 'This was purchased as a gift for my daughter.  I have owned a Presto pressure cooker for years, but mine is aluminum, but I purchased this one for her, because she really likes stainless steel cookware.  Hopefully she will enjoy hers as much as I do mine after many years of use. It makes the best beef stew ever.', "It's a good pressure cooker that works well for most of my cooking.  The only drawback is the pressure is fixed at 15 psi (my old pressure cooker had 3 different weight rings that you used individually or in combination to vary the cooking pressure).  However, unlike my old one, this one works on my induction plate which makes it much more economical to cook by using so much less electricity.", "I use this to cook mostly my meal consisting of a vegetable & fish mixture.  It works well.  I use 1/2 cup of distilled water (which in my opinion is the bare minimum).  You must always start by adding at least a 1/2 cup of water before adding any vegetables.  My veggies & fish cook in about 2-1/2 to 3 minutes, after which i run cold water over the cooker to cool it down.  The only problem i have had is getting the lid to go on sometimes.  I think it gives me problems if the black rubber gasket inside the lid is not positioned correctly, then it is impossible to get the lid on, probably because the cooker is new to me and needs to be &#34;broken in&#34; a little, especially the lid gasket.  If you have a problem with  the lid not shutting closed, then try rotating the black gasket a little or maybe remove it and turn it over on it's other side.  But these pressure cookers are really good, you can cook some really healthy food quickly in them.", 'I replaced my old Aluminium Pressure cooker (4 Litre) from India with this wonderful stainless steel pressure cooker. The quality is great and the price is fantastic. The pressure cooker from India blew a whistle by itself to let out the pressure and 4-5 whistles were enough to cook lentils, rice, potatoes etc.. This cooker does not blow the whistle by itself (starts rocking) but instead I manually let out the steam 4-5 times. Saves a lot of energy and cooks quickly. I have 2 dabbas ( containers ) from the previous cooker that fit inside this cooker. That way I can cook Dal and rice at once. Definitely recommend this cooker. I ordered an extra gasket just in case :) Always better to keep extra gaskets', 'i rate this product 5 stars for its quality to price ratio and simple yet practical designalthough i can tell this is not the &#34;best&#34; or most expensive pressure cooker in the market, it certainly is good enough for my family. so far i have made great indian food successfully with no problems and its fairly simple to clean', 'I have had a 4 quart Presto stainless steel pressure cooker for 28 years and it is still going strong.  I decided I needed a 6 quart for larger meals.  Naturally, I bought another Presto.', 'This item is replacing an aluminum 5 QT cooker.  Stainless steel is far superior for cooking and cleaning, and the 6QT size is perfect when four are being fed.  Even spaghetti sauce is a snap with this unit, something I never attempted in the old aluminum pot.', "Just follow the directions and you can't miss a well cooked  meal....I have convinced 2 of my friends to get this product after serving one cooked meal. Cooks for 2 people easily..***A cooking rack comes with it, also....!!", 'I have several larger pressure cookers, but there are just two of us now that the children are gone and married. This pan is perfect. Like the extra handle on the opposite side - easier for transporting from stove to sink. Would certainly recommend this.', "My old MirroMatic pressure cooker was over 40 years old & I decided it was time for a replacement.  Instead of the old all aluminum pan I decided to get the stainless steel pan for ease of cleaning.  What a difference!  The aluminum core on the bottom provides the even heating, & the stainless steel makes for the easiest of cleaning.  I really enjoy the rocker weight on top instead of my old weight with 3 different pressure settings.  This one is so much quieter, too.  Tonight, I'm making Swiss steak with only 18 minutes of cook time.  You can't beat that.  The cool down time is much faster than with the old aluminum pan also.  I should have bought this years ago.", 'Awesome.  It is worth every penny I  invested. Moderately priced and cleans up well I hand wash this. I highly recommend this product!', "I can't believe I waited this long to buy a pressure cooker. This one is dabomb. Just the right size and seems to be of high quality. I'd recommend this cooker.", "Been using pressure cookers for years - grew up on a farm - pressure cookers abundant.Needed to replace the 30+ year old Mirro aluminum one.Still have my aluminum 2 1/2 qt Mirro but wanted a bigger one.So I bought this one to try. Cookers are all basically the same.HOWEVER -----I wish SOMEone would have posted SOMEwhere that this product is- wait for it - - -MADE IN CHINA CHINA CHINA CHINA CHINA!Oh I get it - if we are told it is not USA made, we will look elsewhere.What a rip! I am so very disappointed that we cannot purchase something made in the USA anymore.Thanks to all our government officials by helping every one on this planet but our own people.We cannot even buy a cooking pot for cripes sake!Let's see if in another 30 years I still have this CHINESE pot.For cryin' out loud.......................  :o(", "I prefer meat browned, and veggies either raw, stirfried, fermented or roasted, so I got this primarily for making bone broths, cooking legumes and cooking whole grains.I got the 4-quart as it's just me and hubby here, but I did not realize you can't fill this more than 2/3rd full.  Now I wish I'd have ordered the 6-quart.Even though it's stainless, it's very lightweight.  This is handy as I have permanent chest pain after surgery, so lifting can be difficult.It works fine.  It makes very concentrated fast broths in the summer when I don't want things simmering on the stove for hours.  Similarly, I can cook big batches of legumes and freeze in meal-sized portions fast.  I haven't tried grains yet as I was on a risotto kick when this arrived, and then went on a temporary grain-free diet.I am quite satisfied, except I wish I'd gotten the larger one.", "Amazing quality ... made a whole chicken in less than 30min... juicy and perfect.. moist... cleans up beautifully... Very pleased with this product!...Just wanted to add a note.. I never run water over the pan to cool it down...as it is still cooking.. I know how long meat and veggies take when cooking traditionally, so I time it based on experience. When you let it cool on it's own, that is part of the actual cooking time with the pressurization. Follow the instructions and you can't go wrong.  I just shut the fire down about 10min less to incorporate cool down... Any longer would be overdone...", 'After making the purchase and using a few times, decided the Cooker was too much of a challenge.  Purchased one that was electric that does not need me to watch the timer.', 'I already own a 6qt Fagor over 15 years old and a 2qt Kuhn Rikon.  This is much better than the KR and in every way as good as the Fagor and it cost 1/5 the price of the KR and half the cost of the Fagor similar model.  Based on other reviews I replaced the Steel Screws with Stainless  2 each 10-24 x 3/4 pan head, 2 each 8/32 x 1/2 pan head and two 8/32 x 1/2 inch flat head.  I used locktite red on each to prevent them from loosening. So far no rust and no loosening.  Cost for the bolts was around $3 and since I had to assemble the handles anyway only the two flatheads inside the lid had to be removed from the original item.  Note the top is not stainless though or is a cheap imitation thereof..  It is magnetic so probably steel.  The pot itself is stainless.  Unlie the KR and FAGOR this pot weight wobbles making a noise.  I like that.  Aural and visual indication of pressure.  Nice..  Finish and fit are fine.  Bottom thick enough but not very thick.  All in all for $36 a good deal.  I am retiring the KR. because the screws keep pulling out of the handles (no inserts like this one) and other things keep failing like the gasket and handles themselves.  KR maintenance $30 per year, Fagor $0 per year (gasket once during it s 15 year life so far)  This pot, who knows, not much to go wrong.', "I did quite a bit of research online before purchasing this pressure cooker. It's definitely not top of the line but it absolutely does the job at a economical price. This is my first pressure cooker so I wasn't even sure if I would use it often, but the Presto has won me over. I use it multiple times each week - it's a fantastic convenience. Note that there is some minor assembly required.", 'Pressure cooker by Presto that is not the quality of my older one. I will use but would not purchase again. Stainless Steel very thin.', "I've used pressure cookers for many years including some of those very expensive models.  This is one of the best cookers I've ever owed.  This cooker is constructed of high quality stainless steel and is very easy to use.  Pressure cookers are very safe. If you follow a few simple rules, you'll never have a problem.  I use my cooker weekly for everything from cream of potato soup to braised lamb shanks with wine sauce.  Additionally, it is amazingly cheap to own. My only con: wish it was made in the USA, otherwise, highly recommend.", 'Pressure cookers are great.  They are real time savers.  The only caution is if you are cooking for more than 2-3 people you may want to get a 6 or 8 quart.  You can only fill 2/3 of the pot up and it limits how much you can cook.', "They are so quick and efficient.  When my last cooker warped I asked for a replacement for Christmas - yep, that's how much I love them.  My last pressure cooker was also a pressure caner for putting up vegetables.  However we are down to just my husband and I so we don't do much canning any more.  So he bought me this smaller version.  Obviously it weighs less, takes up less room in my cupboard, and comes to heat much quicker.  What isn't to love if you are cooking for only two people as we care!", 'I had an older model for years, and I wanted another Presto.  This one, as my older model, works great!', 'This was a gift for someone that was just getting into caning.  Great product with great durability.  Buy with confidence here.', "Some assembly required, but appears to be a quality product. My last one worked well for 25 years, no reason this one shouldn't do the same.", "The excellent instruction manual that comes with this cooker lists appropriate cooking times for many kinds of food. I really appreciate cooking brown rice in only twelve minutes and pre-soaked beans in less than that. One thing that should be understood is the safety mechanism which prevents steam from building up pressure unless the cover is closed completely as it should be. There is a cylindrical metal plug in a hole in the handle which gets pushed up by steam pressure (not talking about the central steam vent pipe capped by a heavy wobbling rocker). If the lid is not closed properly, an ingeniously designed sliding flange in the handle prevents the cylindrical plug from rising up to close the hole completely, therefore allowing steam to continuously vent out of the unsealed hole. This prevents a dangerous explosion of a loose lid. The first time I used the cooker, I did not realize that a bowl which I had placed inside to contain the rice was preventing the sliding flange from allowing the cylindrical plug to rise. When I finally realized how the flange was supposed to work, I moved the interior bowl away from the locking mechanism (after everything had cooled down, of course) and then everything worked fine. If you feel some resistance in closing the lid, don't force anything. Make sure the sliding flange is not preventing the cylindrical plug from rising. Once you see this, you will understand it without so many words.I especially enjoy the cheerful action of the central rocker (pressure regulator) when pressure builds up and steam begins to sputter out of the central vent pipe. The heavy rocker wobbles merrily reminding me of an old fashioned steam locomotive chugging along. This action informs me how much I can turn the heat down to keep on cooking without wasting water or energy.", 'It helps save energy and it will last a lifetime.  Great product to have in the kitchen for cooking.  Simple to use and fantastic.', 'Much safer than the traditional ones we grew up with, great size and useful recipe book enclosed for time comparisons.', "I bought this cooker 6 months ago from amazon for $35, and frankly, although the reviews I read on this product all said that it's great, I was very skeptical about the $35 price tag and was not expecting much.  On top of that, both my mother and my mother-in-law warned me that cheap pressure cookers are dangerous, and I *must* buy something more expensive for safety reasons. I am just very glad that they were both wrong!This is definitely one of the best purchases I have made on amazon. I still cannot believe they sell this for $35! The pot does not feel cheap at all. It has very sturdy handles, and a thick, heavy bottom, which holds in heat well.  I like this pan so much that sometimes I use it instead of my skillet to sautee meat, because of the deeper pot + the cover, less cleaning up for me :-)I love making soup and stock, but it usually takes up so much of my time when the stock is simmering.  With this pressure cooker, I can make a meat-fall-off-the-bone soup in an hour!Some might find this pot to be a little on the small side, but this pot works great for my wife and I. Although we have guests over regularly, I find the capacity of the pot to be very good. I would guess that this pot would work well for up to a 4-person family.Pros:=====- Cheap, at $35, it's hard to beat- Sturdy, I was afraid that the plastic handles would break easily, but they are in fact quite strong- Stainless steel makes it great for browning meat pieces for stew or stock, and it heats up fast and holds heat well.- Safe, you cannot open it when it's pressurized.- Dish washer safe, though I prefer to wash it by hand.Cons:=====- The handle can be tricky to hold with one hand. My hands are small, and when you've closed the top, the handle is kind of big. Luckily, I don't need to do this very often, and when I need to move it around, I just use both handles.- The top cap can be tricky to clean. I usually soak it in hot soapy water, and then clean it thoroughly with Q-tip.Watch outs:===========- The handle curves in a way that it catches any dripping liquid, I've hurt myself once when I wasn't careful at opening the cover.- Do *NOT* remove the cap while it's blowing! The steam from inside is extremely hot and as soon as you remove the cap, the hot steam will shoot up faster than you can move your hand(s) away.Tips:=====- I keep some water bottles in my freezer, and when I need to cool this off in a hurry, I can make a bath of cold water in my sink, put the hot pot inside, and throw the froze water bottles in. This usually cools it down very fast, great when I want to refrigerate it overnight to skim off the fat, and didn't want to wait too long for it to cool down.", 'I have long been familiar with the Presto brand.  Presto Pressure Cookers have been used in my family for many many years.  I have to admit that I was a bit afraid of them due to some urban legends being passed around, but I decided to try this one.  It is amazing.  After the first use, I was totally sold!!!  It is easy to use and the directions are very clear and easy to understand.  This one is foolproof and safe.', "Funny story, because my mom was used one before and blows up. So when I got first time try it out I was hide in the backyard until the trimmer running then I m relax. It's good one I love it. Shorter my cooking time and pretty good meterio.", "If the handles fit tighter without wobbling I'd love it but you cant complain too much for the $25 or so I paid. Good things are its not too big, the lid goes on real smooth, the safely lock mechanism is a neat idea. Points to note: plastic handles need good tightening and seem to be wobbly from the get go, when you put the lid on move it too and fro so the safety plug that locks the handle is centered in the hole and free to move, lastly keep the flame low enough so it doesnt hit the handles as they will start to make a bad smell. Not sure if that's just a &#34;first time&#34; thing or if the plastic really cant tolerate exposure to much heat but it works fine with a safe flame level so it's not an issue just a thing to be aware of.", "I've looked and checked out many other pressure cookers before buying this one. From the costly ones in department stores to others online. Department stores prices were to high and I couldn't get any product information from the sales people I would talk with. After reading the reviews here I decided to purchase the Presto. Best choice I've made. The arrival was within a few days. The Cooker is great looking after using it for four different meals. We have enjoyed a delicious pot roast, chicken with veggies, and a hard to cook oxtail stew. There was no problem with reading the directions on how to use. I did it without my husband my assistance. (he's better with gagets). I am planning on using it at least once a week for hardy winter meals.", "We are living at 6,000 feet elevation, and this pressure cooker has made cooking dried beans and grains a snap.  The delivery was prompt, packaging excellent, and product quality also excellent.  Wouldn't want to do without it now.", 'This is a great addition to my kitchen.  It works great and easy to operate also saves so much time cooking the same meal.  I first purchased 16-qt cooker/canner then purchased this one and 4-qt also. Now I use these 3 cookers for everything.  I am happy about "stainless steel" because I can use dishwasher without worrying about discoloration (they only make 16-qt cooker in aluminum so I have to hand wash it). This is a well-made, top of the line product for such a great price.  Only issue that I have is occasionally I have to exchange the screws (holding the handles on the lid) since they rust after a while.  Other than that, I am very satisfied with this purchase and strongly recommend to others.', 'This pressure cooker is great. I would definitely recommend using this to speed up crockpot recipes. In fact, we used this pressure cooker twice to make a corned beef brisket and agreed that it came out even better than using the crockpot.', "I had to replace an ancient pressure cooker that was passed down to me many years ago.  This one is much smaller but, since I don't do any canning and only cook for three people, it is the perfect size for me.  With all the warnings now about the dangers of too much aluminum in our diets, I love that it is stainless steel.  It will make the toughest cut of meat so tender that it falls apart.", "Magic!  I don't know why I haven't used a pressure cooker before.  You can make lentil soup in like 10 minutes.  It's amazing.  And this one is nice and sturdy and easy to use.", 'I was thrilled to discover that the stainless steel model that I purchased would work with my induction cook top.  Tried it out and it worked great!', 'Of my 25 year old pressure cooker, the exact same brand and style, anything that you can use for 25 years is an amazing product!', "I use this all the time I wouldn't want to be without it.Cooks fast & would buy again", "It's been several months since I've purchased the Presto 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker, and I have to admit that this cooker packs some seriously power!  Having a pressure cooker speeds up cooking so much - I've been able to make a lot of Chinese Soups in a fraction of the time it takes to make normally!  This pot is especially good when cooking soups with proteins, particularly beans and meat.  Because it cooks so quickly, we're not only enjoying dinner faster, but saving a lot of energy to boot!  Highly recommended!", "As a child I was scared to death of my mom's pressure cooker and swore I'd never have one.  But this one is very  nice.  There are two ways to cook with it after the little toggle starts rocking you are instructed to (1) put the pot under water and it cools down all at once, or (2) let it cool down on its own.  If you are instructed to let it cool down on its own, it can take up to 30 minutes to cool down. I thought cooking with this would be a lot quicker; but that aside, it is a great way to have something that really does cook in a fraction of the time it normally takes to cook something; but it is not a &#34;microwave&#34; quick type of instrument.", 'The only thing I would add to this pot would be a temperature indicater. I would build it right into the pressure cap so I would be able to set up an optimum temperature.', 'At the price, it must cut some corners, right? Not so! Presto has been making these things for a long time and it shows. This is the "old-fashioned" design with the rocker on top, but it\'s very quiet compared with older models and needs only a very modest heat to keep pressure up. The build quality seems great and the pressure interlock (that prevents the top being removed under pressure) is simple and works fine.In short, you can spend several times as much and not get much of value for the additional investment. Works perfectly, easy to clean, and replacement parts are widely available if needed. I wish Presto sold it in a kit with the glass cover and vegetable basket, but...it gets an easy five stars anyway. No regrets and I feel all warm and fuzzy over the money I saved.A note: This type of cooker does not have an instant pressure relief valve, so you\'ll have to run cold water over it if you need to release pressure quickly -- for instance, with some vegetables. Not a big deal IMO, but if it bothers you, you\'ll need to spend two or three times as much. I can\'t see the point.', 'I\'ve been using Pressure Cookers for years, and was under the assumption that "size does matter"...  Well, guess what? It DOES!After adapting and adjusting because my pressure cookers were just too big to do the small batch things, I figured I\'d give one of these little babies a try.It\'s amazing just how often I use this little guy. It\'s quality and performance is wonderful!!  I\'ve used this little pressure cooker more in the last two months than I use my big one in a year. Some tools are nice to have for those rare times when you need them, but this one gets used regularly. It\'s definitely gathering no dust..;~)Excellent Purchase!!!', "My mom brought a pressure cooker from Brasil 15 years ago, and on our last trip she was not able to find replacement rubber gaskets for it. I talked her into replacing it for something new, shiny and fancy. The quality is there, and the locking mechanism is STRONG. It's not a latch on the handle like a traditional pressure cooker. This unit has slots all around the pan that link up to the lid, and you rotate the lid to seal the unit. That means there's more than 8 latches on the pan. Those beans aren't getting out any time soon.", 'Some people have dinged this product because it is small.  It is exactly as described, four quart. I wanted a smaller pot for making smaller batches.  It works perfectly.  I like the heavy gauge body.  The seal feels very secure.  The only thing that is a bit flimsy is the pressure regulator.  I will see how it holds up.', "I had this in my wishlist & received it for Christmas.  I've used it several times & I love it.  Its smaller than the one I had previously but that is perfect for us.  Only 3 at home anymore.I love that this is made of stainless steel.  The insert is still made of aluminum which Im not thrilled about but I dont have to use it if I dont want to.This pressure cooker is also a lot quieter than my old one is.  I appreciate that a LOT!Its a great product and Im so happy to have it.", "The handle for the pot is secured with only one screw. The handle itself is curved to fit against the pot, but the directions emphasize multiple times that you shouldn't overtighten to avoid cracking the plastic.  I tightened it reasonably and when the pot is full and it's tilted to pour out the contents (boiling water for example), the handle wobbles/turns slightly.  I can easily see this becoming a hazard with continued use/failure to retighten regularly.  Fortunately, Amazon was willing to accept the return.  The company could resolve this problem by using metal on the edge of the handle piece, selling their pots pre-assembled in a more sturdy manner, or hey- bright idea- USING TWO FASTENERS LIKE EVERY OTHER POT MANUFACTURER.  Hmm.", "Before purchasing this pressure cooker, I went to Macy's and bought an aluminum pressure cooker because it was on sale.  Got it home and tried it out.  After cooking my meal, I noticed the inside of the pressure cooker had become terribly discolored. I did not want my family eating out of that pressure cooker.  So I immediately took it back.  I purchased the Presto 6-qt. pressure cooker and I do love it.  It is stainless steel, easy clean-up and no discoloration.  I should have known better because I had a Presto for over 25 years.  The rocker on my old one wore out and I knew it was time to get another.  If you're looking to replace an older model or just plain looking for a new pressure cooker, you won't be disappointed with this one.", "Exactly what I was expecting.  I used this as a Christmas gift and the recipient couldn't have been more pleased.  A great buy for the cost.", "This purchase was one of the first times that Amazon reviews let me down. As others have recently stated, it seems Presto has changed manufacturing of the screws, making the handles of this pressure cooker unsteady...no matter how many times I tighten the screws, and how tight I, or my husband, try to get them, they loosen and the handles become very wobbly. This is not just a problem with one handle, but both handles! I tried this item for a week, which required retightening the handles about a dozen times, and I have given up.Additionally, after only two washes, the screws are already starting to rust! I didn't wash it in the dishwasher, it was by hand.I can understand why this is an inexpensive product...it is cheaply made! However, I am baffled at why it gets such good reviews.", 'One upon a time, many years ago.. I had a very bad experience with a pressure cooker. I swore at that time to never let one in my house again. Well, time passed and my patience with cooking grew more thin. With the children grown and free time in the evenings at a premium due to work, I decided it was time to have another go at a pressure cooker.I am very glad I did. Beef and pork roast as well as turkey breast have been brought forth in no time at all. Potatoes cooked to perfection in short minutes.My biggest probem is where to keep it so it is handy at all times!I highly recommend this item. Once I finally pulled it warily from its boxand sealed it for its first trial in my home, I was hooked. Evey home should  have one!', 'I decided to get rid of my old aluminum pressure cooker due to concerns about cooking in aluminum. This one is way nicer, once I figured out the gizmos.', 'I bought this as a replacement for my 40 year old pressure cooker. This one is stainless steel and has a heavy bottom to prevent sticking. It cooked a chicken in about 20 min. plus heat up and cool down time. It is very simple to use and also inexpensive. I would recommmend this product.', 'Replacing one I wore out with the exact same one!  I tried another, it did not work well and is &#34;leaky&#34; so went ahead and bit the bullet to purchase this one.  Have used several times and I must say I am not disappointed in my decision!  I use this item at least 1-2 times a week.', "My hubby and I bought this pressure cooker last year for our first experimental use with a pressure cooker. We were unsure of what exactly we were doing but this pressure cooker was pretty self-explanitory. It doesn't open if the steam is too hot which is great, because it definately avoids accidents (something we were a bit worried about).So far this pressure-cooker seems to be super heavy-duty. We've used it to can salmon fish and every single can came out sealed to perfection. We were SO pleased! We've also used it for ribs and potatoes and they are soo good. We've turned tough peices of reindeer meat into butter with this thing. It's really perfect and I couldn't have asked for a better beginner kitchen accessory.A few tips:To clean the pressure hole on the top of the lid pour boiling water through.Boil the weight to get sticky grime out.Oil the seal with vegetable oil every month or so to keep it sticky and let it last longer.To close the lid hold the handle and then level out the side with your hand while placing it on top- it definately helped us get it on correctly.", 'I bought this one to replace a weight-less pressure pot. That one has an issue of leaking steam and hence does not work.This cooker is lightweight, but works very well.', 'this is a wonderful cooker.  The size is great for 2 or 3 people but I would get a larger one for more people.  Everything comes out tasty and the meat are tender in such a short time.  The only problems I had were in the beginning.  I thought you needed to keep the pressure regulator jiggling to cook the food but if you do that the heat is too high and it burns the food so turn the heat down once it starts jiggling.  Also be careful when you wash the lid.  If the pressure plug gets caught the steam escapes and you think the cookers not working and the food will burn because you cook it too long or have the heat up too high.', 'I am so pleased with my purchase of the Presto 01362 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker.  For shorter cooking times, pressure cooking is certainly the way to go for beans and grains.  I am totally in love with this cooker.  Simple to use and a good looking cooking tool.', "I've owned several pressure cookers over the years.  This one is my current favorite for several reasons.  First, I like the 4-qt. size.  It's the smallest pressure cooker I own and perfect for cooking for one or two people.  Next, I'm happy with the  quality of the product.  It's hefty enough to feel substantial, yet not so heavy that it's difficult to use and clean.  The  stainless steel seems to be of very good quality--I've  had no problem cleaning it.  Last, this pressure cooker seems to cook  faster than my Fagor 6-qt. model.  I don't know if it's a difference in the pressure cooker or because I'm cooking less food in this one, but I like the speed.  I don't find this pressure cooker particularly noisy--I turn down the heat once pressure is obtained.  I have nothing negative to say about this product--I'd buy it again.", 'It cooks quick and is easy to clean. I have had several pressure cookers over many years and this one rates up there with the best.', 'The so-called "cooking times" seem short and very fast, but they don\'t take into account the time it takes to build up the pressure, which is often longer than the actual stated cooking times.  For example, to cook potatoes the time is given as 8 minutes, but it takes 10 minutes to build up the full pressure before you\'re to start timing, so it\'s really 18 minutes.  Plan accordingly.  It\'s even worse for recipes done in parts where you cool it down to add a second step or things that would over cook if added at the beginning - then you have to build to pressure twice.The cooking rack at the botton is nice, but no easy way to extract it when it\'s hot, or thicken gravy, so you have to empty it, reclaim the juice, thicken that, and add back the main dish and stir on low heat.Since you can\'t fill the thing more than half way or three fourths to the top (for safety) I sort of wish I got the 8 quart one so a entire cut up chicken and vegetables wouldn\'t be pushing the limit.Still, it\'s easy to clean up and use.', "Sturdy, well made, now has a heat-difusing plate on the bottom. You need a good arm to lift this cooker whether it's full or empty as there's a lot of steel there. Ours has lasted for years now. Yes they're outsourced from Wisconsin to China - but someone is staying on top of the process and this is still a good product.", 'I have not used this yet, but other than that...the quality of the cooker is awesome---not cheap!All I need to do is just learn to use the pressure part of it...I will most likely need to get a cook book for pressure cooking.I actually bought this for two reasons--to cook meals quicker and using less electricity.Hopefully I can come back to post how the pressure part works.', "Full size thick heat disk on bottom for even heat distribution, heat retention (for searing) and efficiency. Easy to use. Nice straight up sides (easy clean up, no scorching, and even heat from disk rather than heat caught going up around sides), well constructed and handles can be re-tightened. Handles don't get hot. Capacity lines are a part of the steel so they won't rub off, and aren't indented or stamped (many come with no lines or cheaply printed lines). The most dishwasher safe pressure cooker I've looked into (though I don't have a DW and wouldn't bother to use one). The fairly wide base was not too wide, and worked fine for cooking a single serving of rice (1/2 cup dry rice). I feel totally safe using it with all it's safety features.Though it's not billed as a quick release PC or commonly reviewed as one; you can fairly safely lift the weight off with a silicon mit (safer I dare say than I've seen some that are considered quick release). I'd even dare to do it bare handed as the metal under it is hot (don't touch), but the plastic part of it hasn't gotten too hot to touch. I have the fingers of a professional cook and have touched the metal part w/o getting burned, but it is freaking hot. It's not like the handles get too hot to carry it to the sink anyway (if it's available).No electric / computer parts to fail and leave you with a pile of junk (this should last a lifetime aside from some affordable replacement parts like gasket and safety plug). Higher pressure than electric models. No toxic Teflon or shady/ reactive aluminum. Not dependent on electricity or any particular heat source: you could use candles, camp fire, solar, induction, etc.I like that I can hear how it's doing from my living room without it making annoying sounds. If it's clanking: I know to turn the heat down.Any improvements that could be made to it I think would be personal preferences; like some might contend that the handle is too long restricting storage space.", 'This is a gift item and it is perfect for the Christmas present recipient. It is the right size for use and for storage.', "I've owned a Presto pressure cooker for many years and have been very satisfied with it.  I purchased this one for my brother, who loves to cook and loves new gadgetry.  Mission accomplished: we're both very happy with our purchase.  Just a note, when considering pressure cookers, look for stainless steel.  It cooks better, cleans better, feels more secure.", "This seems to be a high quality product at a very reasonable price.  It cooks less expensive cuts of beef (stew meat, chuck roast, corned beef) to mouth watering tenderness in a fraction of the time required in either an oven or slow cooker.  It quickly cooks two or three pounds of chicken for salads, sandwiches, or freezing.  Cook a pork roast with your favorite barbeque sauce in 30-45 minutes and enjoy pulled pork sandwiches infused with the flavor of the sauce.  This would be a great tool for the cook who likes make- ahead meals and stocking the freezer for quick-reheating weekday dinners.  Get the stainless steel model to avoid the reaction of aluminum to acidic foods.  Eventually you will be glad you did.The clad base is very heavy so I wouldn't recommend using the pan for pasta or vegetables but if you have strong wrists and arms you could do this.  Other lids are available from Presto.", 'I have a onion allergy so being in control of what goes into my sauces helps me a ton and this little baby gets me into beef stock chicken stock and spaghetti sauces very fast and allergy friendly.The included user guide tells you some basics but pretty much any recipe can be converted to use a pressure cooker and saves a ton of time.', 'all the reviews are really good which led my purchase. after three uses, i found the quality is not any superior than my previous pressure cooker. i give a four star rating for its quality and three star for its price.', "My wife is from Brazil, so she is a foremost authority on pressure cookers as they use them there for almost every meal daily.Originally I tried the very cheap aluminum alternative for $15 on sale at Sears, and it failed after one use.This is better than the ones that last 20 years in Brazil. It's efficient, it's durable, it's just plain a good product, and you really shouldn't pay more for a pressure cooker than $40-$50 as it's a very simple item.", 'Works great. We love the Stainless Steel pressure cooker, instead of the aluminum pressure cookers that are apt to leave contaminates in your food.', 'this is by far the best product for a family of two. We enjoy the ease of use and easy clean up.', 'This is a very basic, high quality pressure cooker. There are no &#34;frills&#34; (does such a thing exist on such a utilitarian appliance?), but it will suit your needs perfectly. It is large, and can fully cook beans in 20 minutes instead of 2 days. I use it weekly.', 'This is a simple but good pressure cooker.  I have owned the same model for several years.  You have to be attentive when you use them, but they work great and make a great quick homecooked meal - think of it as the opposite of a slow cooker/crock pot.  I bought this one for my daughter and gave her a few &#34;cooking lessons&#34; with it.  No disappointments here.', 'This is a heavy gauge stainless steel pot!  The gaskets are thick and sturdy.  It has a lid locking mechanism that is a great safety feature!  It is a roomy 6 quart pot.  I highly recommend this pressure cooker!', 'Love the Presto brand Pressure cooker. I owned another one for many years--it eventually had to be retired. My daughter replaced it with a TFal brand pressure cooker which neither one of us was happy with. So I bought this Presto Pressure Cooker. Love it. I think my daughter learned not to buy any other brand of pressure cooker but a Presto.', 'Easy to use, manual easy to understand and assemble and cooks super fast.I followed the guidelines for cooking dry beans and noticed that they can use a couple more minutes more of cooking than the cooking book suggests, just make sure you have plenty of stock or water or it will burn the bottom. The only down part is that you can;t see through the lid to notice if you are running low of liquid :(', "I had a Presto 6QT pressure cooker that was stolen by a Bimbo.  I got an 8QT foreign made pressure cooker but I liked the Presto, missed it and decided to get another one.  The old one was American made and the Stainless Steel at the top seemed to be a bit heavier.  This one  has a heavier bottom due to the sandwiched in clad aluminum.  The one Drawback is that it is Made in Communist China.  It seems to be pretty stout overall.  I can't detect any difference in the way that it cooks.", "This is an investment every house cook should make. The meats come out super duper tender and it takes no time at all. 10 min and your chicken for soup or any dish is ready! The top is very very sturdy so do not worry about it coming off or exploding while under pressure. I love my pressure cooker and this smaller size is perfect for my husband and I since it's just the two of us. And remember to always get STAINLESS STEEL. Aluminium eventually peels off and isn't as durable, plus it's toxic for you. Oh, and cleaning is a snap!!! Dishwasher safe and even is  you do it by hand, nothing sticks :) good purchase", 'Well engineered, inexpensive, SAFE, does the job.  What more can you say?  Replaced an old Presto pressure cooker that served over 30 years before the handle broke.  I expect comparable lifespan for this one.  Steer clear of the cheap Mantra pressure cookers sold in Target.  Those ones are dangerous and are not UL approved!', "I bought this to quickly make stocks, and cook soups and vegetables.  It really does work, and makes yum-yum foods quickly, when one doesn't have the time to spend 3 hours making foods.  I'm impressed by the quality of the stainless steel, particularly the bottom, which is pretty thick.  I don't see any downsides to owning one.", 'Gas and electricity has gone up so much lately. Pressure cookers can help you save by making cooking a lot much faster.  It comes with a compact user guide and a small cookbook.Pressure cookers can be dangerous, so make sure to read the safety precautions. Never fill it more than 2/3 of its capacity. You cannot open the lid while it is still pressurized with the built-in precautionary lock, but the rocker valve can easily get toppled and extremely hot steam can escape through it.Pros:- Stainless steel. You do not want aluminum for health reasons.- We have been using this for more than 5 years.  We just have to replace the rubber gasket around the lid.- Although not as cheap as we like it to be, if you compare it to other manufacturers, you still save some money.Cons:- The pressure valve rocker. Other pressure cookers (but more expensive) has a  non-removable pressure valve.  It is often get misplaced.- The rocker makes quite a bit noise.', "Am a strong believer in pressure cookers and have used them for many years. Have always used foreign made cookers because years ago they were better quality than the American made cookers. Have a Magefesa and several Fagors and started having quality and service problems with them (see my review under Fagor's 6qt. Splendid model). Finally, in desperation, decided to try a new American made Presto since they were now made of Stainless steel and had good ratings with Amazon. Got one on sale from Amazon with free shipping and received it lickety-split in great shape (thanks Amazon). Read the user's guide which walked me through an easy assembly and proceeded to cook a pot of beans. Wow! Such simplicity and everything worked great. Straight forward simplicity and as well engineered as one could ever expect and as a bonus, much easier to clean. Can't see what could possibly go wrong. One more thing that I was highly impressed with is the users guide for the Presto; it is super clear and easy to understand with nothing left to chance. Kudos to current American products for a now great cooker. If you like pressure cookers, give the Presto a try!!!", "This is an excellent Pressure Cooker.  It works perfect on my Induction Cooker.  This is my second Presto Pressure cooker, the first one had wooden handles, and was made of aluminum (still in service).  Aluminum not being compatible with Induction Cooking I got the Stainless Steel.  The encapsulated bottom creates that perfect heat distribution for searing and browning.  What an absolutely beautiful combination.  The new sealing ring is a wonder all by its self when compared to the ones of the 1940's.  Do I sound happy with this cooker, That's because I am.  The first thing I cooked was a pot of Pinto beans,(see photo) the pressure cooker cooked them 14 times faster than a conventional pan.  Clean up is a breeze, and to keep that just out of the box look I use Bar Keepers Friend. During assembling, use caution when attaching the handle to the lid as I twisted off one of the screws, which is not a problem or deterrent as Presto has great customer service, and sent a complete new replacement assembly.  I shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future.  Thanks to Amazon.com for a fantastic buy.  All Pros and No Cons.  This review was written assuming the reader knows a little bit about Pressure Cooking.  Pressure Cooking is Fast, Fun, and Flavorful.  :)", 'Get the Presto. They\'re all the same. It\'s a simple design, a pot and lid. I\'ve been using them for 20 years and the expensive ones are no better than the Presto- Only an amateur cook would believe different. The Prestos cook just as good and just as fast as the Rikons. My kitchen is filled with the best and most expensive equipment money can buy, but when it comes to pressure cookers, it\'s not like other cookware where you "get what you pay for."  They\'re all the same (although I don\'t recommend the electric ones as they have a tendency to break down). Save your money for the good espresso maker... don\'t waste it on expensive pressure cookers. Get the Presto.', 'Oh,how I wish I hadn\'t waited so long to try Pressure Cooking!  My mother instilled so much fear in me about using a pressure cooker that I didn\'t even want to try it until a friend finally convinced me.  Now I\'d absolutely hate to be without this fast and safe way to cook.My first experiment was a recipe for Chicken Cacciatore.  Three pounds of chicken cooked for 10 minutes (at 6000\' altitude) and was fork-tender and delicious.  My next endeavor was a ham and bean soup, which cooked for 35 minutes without having to presoak the beans, and it turned out perfectly. Beans were completely cooked but not mushy.  Next came a pot roast with potatoes, which cooked for 45 minutes starting partially frozen, and was perfect.  Then tried a chicken with plum sauce--again a nine-minute success.  Most recently we tried pasta with meat sauce, which was a delicious one-pot meal ready in 7 minutes cooking time.I love this Presto model cooker, because it has all the safety features, but still allows careful monitoring of the"jiggle top", and allows me to judge how fast the dish is cooking. This is a heavy and well-built unit. The safety precautions are easy, and are fully described in the accompanying manual.I also recommmend Lorna Sass\' book "Pressure Perfect", for beginners.  This book is a well-written primer on pressure cooking, with recipes that are reliable and carefully written.  The recipes have a degree of creativity, but are all things that "real people" eat.Happy cooking!', 'Good cooker but I had trouble handling it with my severe arthritis in my wrists- just too heavy for me to handle with food in it.  Cleans up easily & love the fact it is stainless steel.', "This is an excellent pressure cooker. I also have the 8-quart stainless steel model by Presto and I don't like that one as much as this one. I like the little rocker on top better because I know exactly how much pressure it has. It is super easy to carry this extremely lightweight pressure cooker to the sink, run water over it, and in 5-10 seconds the pressure is down! It is not heavy or hot. You just have to be careful when you do this. I actually prefer this method of quick cooling to the method used in the 8-quart, which is to open the little weight and let the steam shoot out the top. That method takes about a minute, plus there's steam all over the place. That seems more dangerous to me than going to the sink.This model is a smaller version of the 6-quart, so if you think this one is too small, that one would work for a family. This size is just right for one or two people. I always make very small quantities of food in it anyway as I don't like to have a lot of leftovers.Cleanup with this product is very fast and easy as it is so lightweight. Another nice thing is that replacement parts are very easy to obtain (rubber gasket and overpressure plug).I highly recommend this pressure cooker and the 6-quart stainless steel model as well.", 'Reviewed many pressure cookers before deciding on this one.  While it requires a bit of assembly (handles and valve) these are minor issues.  Very well made cooker and the 64 page booklet included useful information and recipes.  Bought the 4 quart model since use for one person most of the time.  Not having used pressure cooker before appreciated the warnings and useful tips on how to use safely.  Like the fact that Presto has replacement seals when needed.  Obviously cooker is useless if do not have this seal and in time am sure will require replacement.  Buying one for my daughter as well who is busy career woman and wants to eat healthy and quickly.  Keeping nutrients and vitamins in the food a plus as is the savings in time cooking a good meal.  Easy to recommend this item.The instruction book that comes with this cooker is probably one of the best I have read in recent years.  At the same time it is also very detailed in the care, maintenance and handling of the cooker.  For example, it recommends replacing the seal and the safety plug once every two years.  Of course that probably depends on the amount of use and the care you take of the product.  In any case recommends replacing the safety plug when you replace the seal.  Both are available on Amazon but this will mean a continuing cost to use the product. At the moment using Amazon Prime cost is about $15 for the pair of items or roughly $7.50 a year if replace every two years. I do highly recommend anyone wanting to use the product to read the instructions very carefully and perhaps highlight the key items.  For example what foods to cook and more important what foods not to cook.  What level in the pot to use for various items depending on their expansion during cooking.  Also you need to look through the hole for the safety plug to be sure it is clear and use pipe cleaners to clean that hole and also the hole through the nut, all explained very clearly in the instructions.  Various tips on how to clean (and how not to clean) the pot are very useful.  If you have induction stove you will need the stainless steel pot since the aluminum pots are not magnetic, but then you probably knew that.Today with so many instructions written in China often they are difficult to read or not very worthwhile.  The instructions with this cooker are quite different. They are important to use the product safely and to get the most value out of the product.  If you are someone who seldom reads instructions or is not willing to spend an hour or so learning about this cooking method or who will not take the time to follow the safety instructions then you probably should consider a different method of cooking.  But an hour or so spent learning about he product will pay off in better cooking, shorter time spent cooking and more healthy eating. I ordered a second cooker for my busy career oriented daughter but then cancelled the order after reading the instructions as I am not sure as busy as she is that she would read and follow them.  I plan to show her mine and see if she will spend the time to learn the system.  If so will order again for her.  Or give her mine and buy second for myself. To me it is worth spending the time to learn about safely using this product but I can see that it is not for everyone.  It is not a pot you just pour water into, stick lid on and fire up the burners.  But once you learn how to take care of it and use it I think you will be extremely pleased with the cooking experience. And the time spent learning and caring for the cooker will pay off in shorter and better cooking.  For those willing to invest a little time, bon appetite!', "I didn't realize how small a 4 quart pan is & there isn't room enough in this size to cooka roast, which is what I wanted to do with it. I sent it back.", 'High quality pressure cooker.  This pressure cooker is made of heavy gauge steel, and you immediately feel the quality over the cheaper ones.  My wife uses it to make Beef Stew, and pork chops, and everything comes out tender and juicy, with no burning.', 'As many folks out there, including Anthony Bourdain I too was scared of pressure cookers. After I purchased this my first one I made sure to study the entire manual, as if for a school test. The rocker type is really totally harmless! Cooking times are slashed by at least two thirds, less gas and therefor less escaped heat and better inefficiency make this cooking method a winner. Cleanup is also very quick. The heavy base and material compound allows for some nice browning of meat, which is essential for good flavor. Anne Burrell always says:&#34;Brown Food tastes Good&#34;.', "This pressure cooker works great.  The rubber gasket and stopper can't go in the dishwasher but the other parts can.  I use this to make beans about twice a week and it produces a result much better than when I was boiling them before.This is also pretty big - would recommend looking at an equivalent sized vessel in person before purchasing.  I also like that's it's stainless steel as opposed to aluminum.", "I ordered the Presto Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker, I have nothing bad to say about the product or about Amazon.  I got my order pretty much on time...1 day late with free shipping.  I've ordered from Presto before with no complaints or with Amazon at this time.Mookie in Chicago", 'My husband & I live in a small apartment & enjoy this handy kitchen aid for its small size & good results!  We attempt to cook the majority of our meals & this pressure cooker helps us eat well & produces wonderful meals!', 'My good friend was longing for a pressure cooker, so I thought I would surprise her with an early birthday present.  She says she really likes it.  It is nice looking and has the same footprint as the 4 qt. cooker (which is nice in a small kitchen).  She brought some beans she made in it to a cookout, and they were delicious.  I think it is a good value for the price.', 'I have always been afraid of pressure cookers because as a child my mother always banned me from the kitchen when she was using one. Well, twenty some odd years later I finally purchased this one.  I read the instruction booklet and the first night made mashed potatoes and a pot roast.  Wow!  My 12 year old son loved the meal and said these mashed potatoes were the best he ever ate and the meat was so tender.  It was so easy to use and easy to clean.  I am already planning on making BBQ pork ribs next!  Whoo-Hoo! Buy it! Use it!....but read the instructions first! Enjoy:-)', 'Only thing that surprised me was that I had to put peas and lintels in a pot, inside of the pot.I bought a 10 dollar pot to fit inside and now I can dal with the best of them.', "My mother bought me this nearly exact cooker many years ago, and it got lost in a move about 5 years ago. I just now replaced it. I had used my old one for about 7 years and it was fine. No problems with my old one with the stainless steel either.I got this NEW one today, and washed it and peeled about 3-4 lbs potatoes and sliced 3/4 in thick, and added 2 cups water, two tbsp dried onion flakes, pepper, and garlic powder. 16 minutes later, drained the water off and used my handy dandy mixer and had the best creamiest fluffiest mashed potatoes ever. I DON'T KNOW HOW I GOT ALONG WITHOUT IT THESE PAST FIVE YEARS!!  I CAN'T WAIT TO USE IT OFTEN!!THE BOTTOM LINE:Inexpensive,functions very well,looks nice,parts easy to order, (Walmart sells parts for it I heard)easy to clean,has two handles,AAA+++ for price and function.eta: I HAVE NOW HAD THIS PRESSURE COOKER FOR ALMOST 6 YEARS, IT IS STILL LIKE NEW, WORKS GREAT, NO PROBLEMS, I USE IT TWO TO THREE TIMES A WEEK. IT WAS AND STILL IS A GREAT COOKER. I COULD NOT GET ALONG WITHOUT IT.", 'I\'ve owned this pressure cooker for two months now and it\'s working like a dream.  My first meal was pressure cooked pot roast (from a recipe found on the internet), the best roast I\'ve ever had!  Before buying this 6 qt. model I bought thePresto 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cookerand love it just a bit more than this smaller size.  My only criticism is that, unlike my 8 qt., this smaller model does not have a quick-release valve, so the traditional cold water method is necessary (and thus four stars rather than five).  While the "jiggler" steam valve is reminiscent of much older models, Presto wisely added an emergency steam release valve--a welcome safety measure!  I recommend this model to those for whom quick-release valves rank low in priority.', "I've owned and used a 4 quart pressure cooker for 38 years and have been delighted that parts are still easy to get for it.  So when I decided that I needed increased cooking capacity, I was happy to see that the current models are similar to the one that I bought in 1974.The cooker is pretty much what you need to cook with little more, no basket you might find convenient for jars used for canning.  Other models specifically for canning have this.  It is, however, well designed for cooking and the design well executed.  The handles (there are three) are not attached but are easily assembled using 5 phillips screws.  I used some heat resistant anti-seize compound sparingly on the threads.  The same as I use on the spark plugs in my car.  The handles on my old 4 quart cooker are slightly loose but the screws are hopelessly seized, despite being made from stainless steel.The handle and helper handle on the opposing side is just right for managing it on the range.  The low aluminum rack, called a trivet, has not changed at all, it allows the food to sit above the water in the bottom and prevents it from burning. The pressure regulator has changed little and the over-pressure emergency relief plug is the same, except that the poppet valve is now incorporated with the lid pressure interlock.  The poppet valve allows steam to escape until the rate is high enough to close the valve and seal the cooker allowing the pressure to begin building.  The lid interlock prevents the lid from being opened when the pot is pressurized.  This strikes me as a redundant feature since it is almost impossible to open the lid when even it is under even a small amount of pressure, but I guess someone has done it.  Consequently, with the safety interlock, closing the lid must be done with a little more care than on my old cooker which did not have it.  It just takes a little more attention to alignment.  The lid sealing ring is thinner, but is actually easier to grease and install in the lid.  Finally, the gauge of the stainless steal is exactly as thick as my older 4 quart cooker although it appears thinner.  The sides, lid, and bottom of the older models are uniform thickness and are heavy enough to spread heat evenly.  This cooker now has a layer of aluminum to help spread the heat evenly across the bottom of the pot.  This layer is clad in stainless steel, so all exposed surfaces, most importantly, the bottom, are stainless steel.  The pot and lid are highly polished, but the bar code sticker was a little difficult to get off the side.  There are indented markings at the levels of 1/2 and 2/3 capacity which are visible on the inside and outside of the pot, a nice addition.The inside dimensions are 8 1/2 inches in diameter and 6 1/4 inches deep same diameter as my 4 quart and about 2 1/4 inches deeper.I cooked a 15 lbs pumpkin using it an my old 4 quart in parallel (cooking several pots in each cooker) and I'm with happy with the results.  Despite the extra complication of the lid interlock it proved easy to operate and the thinner seal seems less likely to leak as sometime happens with the older cooker.While I was a little put off by the lighter-looking gauge metal (actually the same thicknes) and leery of the complication of the lid-interlock, after using it I was very pleased to see that Presto is still maintaining excellence in design and construction of a classic cooking utensil whose basic utility is often overlooked in today's gadget filled kitchen.  I can do things with a pressure cooker which cannot be done with a microwave!", "I bought this pressure cooker to make chili. I've never owned or used a pressure cooker and was a bit nervous when I fired it up for the 1st time. It heat up real quick using a ceramic glass cook top, and I was to able to brown the meat realitively quick. The contruction of this pressure cooker looks very high quality and well made. The only thing I wanna add is be very careful with when to lower the heat and when to move the steam controlling top on the top. You can lower the heat as soon as you see steam coming out of the bottom of steam controlling top, and be very careful not to touch the top until the nipple on the handle drops down, indicating that there's no pressure in the cooker. Good investment!", 'This pressure cooker is easy to use and maintains the quality of the end product better than convential cooking ...You not only gain the benefit of "speed" (about 1/3 the cooking time of convential cooking time) but little or nothing is lostas far as flavor and seasoning ... I think anyone who desires to cook should have a pressure cooker and this is a verygood one ... RPH', 'I received this a few days ago from Amazon.  This is a great pressure cooker and the size of 4 Quarts is ideal for me.  I made beef stew (cuban style) which is stew beef and potatoes with olives.  It came great and this 4 Quarts is big enough  for this recipe, with gravy and everything.  I was right by purchasing this Presto.  This is a great product for its quality and price.  Extremely happy with this purchase.  Highly recommended.', "Sadly returning this.  The handles won't stay tight and the screws that hold them are already rusting. Plus hard to get it up to pressure - too much sputtering around the handle for a long time!  I remember my Mother cooking delicious tender meats in her pressure cooker years ago.  But I did not have good results with this one. Followed directions and chicken came out tough.  And - a magnet won't stick to the interior (only the exterior)...so maybe the interior is not stainless steel, but aluminum..which is not what I want to cook my food in. Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy.", "Got this cooker about a month ago haven't stopped useing it yet don't know how I got along without it for so long... glad i didn't get an electric one I saw on QVC.", 'I use pressure cookers a lot and I was leary of the new designs with no pressure dial but find this product excellent and easy to use.  The pot comes up to pressure quickly.  It could use an improved booklet that is better organized (I end up using my old booklet most of the time) but the pot is good for cooking in general as well as the pressure cooking aspect. It works on my induction cooktop well also.', "I have used pressure cookers for over twenty years, and this is adaquate. the six quart size comes from the height and not the diamater of the bottom. The worst thing about it is that you have to attatch the handle to the lid. It's hard to do and it loosens every time you use it so your constantly tightening it. I wish it had been factory assembled instead of my having to assemble it . I don't have the hand strength go do it right.", 'Does everything a pressure cooker should do.  A little delicate if bumped, and a little hard to clean,  but otherwise good.', "My Mom always told me horror stories about pressure cooker, but I really wanted one after listening to my friend's successful experience with it. I got this 4-quart one several weeks ago, and I am super happy with it!!  I have been pulling an entire beef top round and pork shoulder straight out of FREEZER to cook in pressure cooker, and I was able to serve dinner in an hour.  It's perfect for a poor planner like me.I did read the manual over and over to make sure it is safe, and yes, it is safe!", "I've had one before and someone from the moving company we used stole it. We had used it for 10 years and it was still nice enough to take. And now I find it on Amazon for $29.99! Can't beat the price.I hope the stew recipe is in the new owner's manual. It was some of the best stew we've ever had. I love meals from a pressure cooker way more than meals from a crock pot anyway.", 'It is an excellent quality pressure cooker. Sturdy construction and the additional support tells you that it was made with quality and comfort in mind. I doubt if you will find a 4 quart pressure cooker with the additional support handle. Check this out before you buy another one.', 'Bought for my daughter and she has used it several times and is sooo glad to have it...she and her family have loved every thing she has cooked in it...she is very short on time and has found this to be a great time saver but still able to cook really super meals!!', "Very nice pressure cooker.  I good some collards in this and it works just fine.  I prefer the stainless over aluminum.Presto is a good name and it's been around a while.  Actually, I prefer these first generation cookers where you have the jiggler on top that jingles when the pressure is built up.", "Was looking around to see is there any way to cook some things faster and I found this Presto Pressure Cooker. I can't imagine how we (my wife and me) did all cooking before! It is soooo faster and easier with this pressure cooker. And the size is right for 2-3 people, I like fresh food and this one as I said is just right capacity for our family of 3. If you fill it at max, you even will have some food for next day, but because the whole cooking takes 15-20 minutes from very beginnings to the end it is no longer concern.Also found that I need to cook usually less time than it is in cookbook. Made in China, but quality is outstanding and overall construction is very sturdy and will last long. I feel it safe enought also, they are 3 different systems integrated so it will not blow in your hands. With no doubt, must have item for every house. I'll get 6-Quart Presto sometime soon to coock large quantities which I will pack using FoodSaver and store in the freezer. It definitely worth every penny and I can't believe it cost only $30.", 'I have had the 4 quart pressure cooker for quite some time,  and based on its performance,  I purchased the 6 quart for myself and one for my daughter as well.  We are very pleased.  This is a good product,  but it is important to read and follow the instructions for use and care in order to get the most satisfactory results. I was raised with Presto pressure cookers, and have used others.  None have performed better, in my opinion.  The reasonable price is an added bonus.5/10/08: Presto offers a stainless steel steamer basket and a glass lid as optional accessories that fit both their 4 qt. and 6 qt. pressure cookers.  I purchased the steamer for my daughter and myself,  and the lid for myself.  These products have been welcome additions to our cooking tools.  Do not be afraid to spend the extra money for them...they are well worth it!', 'I was so delightfully surprised to see how quickly this pressure cooked cooked my meat and stews. This pressure cooker packs a real punch by tenderizing my poultry in a short space of time. Great value for such an awesome pressure cooker. Also very easy to clean. Very happy with my Presto Pressure Cooker.', "Presto 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure CookerThis pressure cooker has many positive points:  stainless steel, included rack for inside the cooker, and a good locking lid.  I've cooked beef, chicken, and pork with it, and it performs very well.  It's far superior to the aluminum one I had.  The recipe booklet had excellent suggestions so I can easily adapt my other favorite recipies to the pressure cooker.", "Turned it on and then the stainless steel started melting on the stove. I sent it back to the manufacturer and didn't get my money back. All I got was a coupon and there items are higher than Amazon wants.", "Presto has been around for years and I had one in the way back but was a bit afraid to use a pressure cooker.  Now...many years later....I bought a new Presto and I don't know why I was ever nervous.  This one is so simple and the instructions could not be more clear.  I especially wanted it to cook dried beans.  Not only are they much cheaper than canned beans they actually taste better.  I cannot recommend this product highly enough!  I trust Presto because of their longevity (I can remember when they were pretty much the only game in town) and because they are priced competitively.  Have no fear......!", 'We actually wanted to just purchase parts for an older Presto Pressure cooker but was disappointed to find out that parts were no longer available so we ended up buying this unity instead. The thing is holding up and has not been discontinued yet so we are quite satisfied with it', 'I found this pressure cooker to be everything I wanted.  Great size, easy to use, easy to clean up.  Highly recommend it.', 'I purchased this for my mother who loves to cook (for everyone). She uses it and has never complained. It helps her cut the cost of using her oven.A good buy.', 'I chose this pressure cooker because it\'s the only kind of pressure cooker I\'ve had experience using, it is stainless steel (non reactive, heavy weight), it was less expensive than more modern incarnations of pressure cookers (electric countertop, stove non jiggle top), and the reviews and follow up comments were helpful in convincing me that this was a quality product.The reviews praise the quality construction of this cooker and I couldn\'t agree more. I have used both natural pressure release and the method to speed it up by sticking the cooker in the sink and running cold water from the faucet over it (it takes all of 20 seconds and doesn\'t have to be so complicated as making an ice bath for it in the sink). I have never seen any signs of the metal layers splitting, the pot warping, and there has been no denting from handling and washing. The 6-quart capacity is enough for me and my husband to have soup with some left over for lunch or another soup dinner, but not so much that we\'re sick of eating the same thing.If you are trying to decide whether to get a pressure cooker in general, I would encourage you to go for it. Most weeknights, I am too impatient to wait for time-intensive things like tomato sauce, stew meat, root veggies cut into chunks, lentils, risotto, or even just tender cabbage. Pressure cookers prepare these things quickly and make them taste like they\'ve been cooking forever. Most of the pressure cooker recipes I use take 30-40 minutes total for prep and cook (I usually make soup in this cooker), so it\'s become a life saver when I come home from work late.If you already know you want a pressure cooker but are trying to decide what type to get, I would say that I don\'t mind the simplicity of this cooker. Normally the justification to get a product that is the "latest and greatest" is that you are certain it will get a lot of use so you might as well spend the extra money for extra features that possibly save you time. This basic model is fine for weekly use in my household. I am definitely curious about newer types of cookers, but personally wasn\'t ready to pay more money for something I wasn\'t sure I would need.', "I hate to cook and have never used a pressure cooker.  After reading all the helpful reviews I made the leap and bought this one.  I LOVE IT!!!  It is not hard at all and I can't believe how fast it cooks.", "You can only fill 2/3 of this 4 quart pressure cooker so you cannot really do any canning unless using very teeny tiny jars and cooking very small portion of food.  I have a 5 quart pressure cook and you cannot put a whole chicken in it. You need at least a 6 to 8 quart cooker to cook a decent meal with meat and vegetables.  I won't recommend buying this pot even if it is cheap.", 'I bought this exact model from Amazon in October 2005 and have cooked a few meals fine.  I also use the pot to boil water and have noticed that each time I do so, a few more rust spots form, so now the "stainless steel" pot is rusted completely inside.  I also use other stainless steel pots to boil water and they\'re all fine.Another problem is that the pop-up thing in the lid gets stuck often and I have to tap it to get it to pop up.  This issue is mentioned in the manual but that fact that it happens at all is a sign of poor design.The pot is made in China.  I recommend getting other similarly-priced but potentially better pots.As a followup (3/8/2006), I returned the pot to Presto and they were very surprised by the rust and said they\'d never seen anything that bad so they\'re sending out another one.  I\'ll update this review with my experience with the new one.As a followup #2 (5/16/2006), I got a second pot from Presto and the same thing happened.  Rust all over the interior, just from boiling water.  I\'m hoping to get my money back.Followup #3:  Presto engineers contacted me and asked for a sample of my tap water to test.  I sent them the sample but they never got back to me with the test results.  Customer service did refund my money though, so that was nice.  I suspect there might be something in our town\'s tap water that reacts with the pot.', "I had an aluminum version of this same pressure cooker that I loved and used for many years.  I finally boiled something dry in it and it warped the bottom to the point that I couldn't use it any more.  I decided to upgrade to a stainless version because aluminum may or may not be good to cook in depending on who you ask.  This pot is considerably thinner than the aluminum one which I chalk up to steel being more durable, but the big problem with this one is that the handle on the lid doesn't line up with the handle on the pot.  It ends up being slightly to the left so then I have to back it off a little so that the safety knob will pop up to lock the lid.  It doesn't feel unsafe and it cooks well, but it is annoying and feels cheap.  I guess I'm stuck with this one but I won't be buying another one online if I can help it.  I'll be opening the box in the store and making sure the lid works first next time.", 'I bought this 6-qt stainless pressure cooker and have been very pleased with it.  The bottom is triple clad, and heavy-duty.  It is \'induction\' ready, too, for those who cook by this method.  This pressure cooker is well worth the money and works well, cleans up well, and can accomodate the same stainless trivet and "little pan" that goes into the 8-qt stainless pressure cooker (which I bought before I got this 6-qt one.)', "I've used a 6-qt. aluminum pressure cooker for years.  It finally bit the dust so I decided to try a stainless steel cooker.  This one is taller, but not as wide, as my previous cooker.  However, it is plenty big to hold a 3-4 pound chicken or roast, which is what I usually cook in it.  So far I really like it - and no problems yet with hardware rusting like I've read in a few reviews.  I would recommend this one to anyone who needs a not-too-big pressure cooker!", 'I am very happy with the quality, price, and versatility of this pressure cooker.  I have made some great tasting quick meals in a pinch, and use it as a 6 quart sauce pan as well. It works well with my induction cooktop.  As with any pressure cooker be careful with moving it!', "Extremely well made. Assembly was pretty 101 easy. 6 quart is the perfect size for beans and lintels. If we were omnivores we'd need a bigger pot, but for vegans, 6 quart is perfect.  Stainless steel is high quality and supposedly healthier than aluminum.", "I was so glad I got this pressure cooker and use it fairly often. So far, I have cooked roasts, chicken, white potatoes and sweet potatoes in it and just love it as you can cook these items in a lot ess than half the time it would normally take to cook the items. I don't know why it took me so long to get one.", 'I look a lot of lamb and beef , this makes the job quick and easy. 1 min pressure and meat is tender but maintains flavor . Needs rubber change in 3-6 months depending on usage', "This is nothing fancy, but it works wery well. Replacemenat parts are easy to buy. You can't open it if it's under pressure because it has a lock by the handle (safety feature). Actually I think it's very safe as it has other features as well.I think one of the most important things to look for is what it's made of (after safety of course!). This is stainless steel which is good because you don't want aluminum (aluminum will stain and get eaten away with acidic food such as vinegar or lemon juice...).Another thing to consider is that it takes time to heat up and cool down so even though all pressure cookers say it takes a lot less time to cook, they don't take the heat-up cool-down time into consideration, even though they are correct about the actual cooking time.Good pressure cooker.EDITIn 2007, I bought a Kuhn-Rikon pressure cooker and I'm even more pleased with that.It's quite a bit more expensive  (4-7 times?) but a *lot* quieter as it relies on an internal spring to maintain pressure as opposed to gravity for the Presto. The Kuhn-Rikon also allows less water to escape. I keep both of them but I haven't used the presto for 4 months now. Considering I bought the Presto in 1999, it's amazing that it works perfectly even though it got heavy use. I even put the rubber seal and the lid in the dishwasher every time and it still held up. It's my backup cooker now as I can't let go of something that still works fine.", "This is my first pressure cooker and I really like it.  For this price, it is a good choice for those who aren't sure if they will use it much.  It is especially useful for vegetarians.  Beans that normally take 2 hours to simmer in a sauce pan are done in 20 minutes in the pressure cooker.  I was afraid to use it at first but there are safety features which should make you comfortable using it.  As long as it is under pressure, you cannot open the top.Although I do like this product, it is overly large for my needs.  If you just plan on cooking a cup or two of beans at a time, I would recommend getting the 4 qt version of this product.  Because the pressure cooker is so fast, there's really no need to make large batches of things.", 'I never really thought I would be writing a review to praise a pressure cooker. But, anyways I am. Some of the most common problems that people face with pressure cookers are: loud sound, too many whistles and food that sticks to the bottom never comes off while cleaning. This cooker is a pleasant surprise, because none of these problems happen with this Presto. I simply dumped lentils, carrots, peas and pearl onions altogether into this cooker and boom, after 30 minutes, the lentils soup was ready. Now, you may think what is so special about this. Well, here is the interesting part. Generally, when lentils are cooked in pressure cookers, they appear like separate lentil seeds cooked individually and do not gel with the vegetables together to form into a running soup. But, after cooking in this Presto cooker, the whole thing turned out to be a perfect soup, even without me putting any extra effort to mix the vegetables with a spatula. It blended the lentils and vegetables in such a beautiful way that it was just ready to eat. Now, here is the good part, it did not make annoying whistles, it did not pour even a single drop of water or soup out of the top and the inner side of the lid is immaculate even after cooking three cups of lentils. So, that means, nothing was spilling during the cooking process. It is the most controlled and well-designed cooker I have ever used in my whole life. Trust me you will not be disappointed. Whenever, you cook in this cooker, it will make you feel like something healthy is in store for you to eat and also gets you excited to eat it hot from the stove and of course contributes to a much more healthy lifestyle.', 'I love my pressure cooker. Super reliable and if you follow the directions, it always cooks perfectlly Brown rice is cooked in 12 minutes! My first lesson was to factor in the amount of time it takes for the pressure cooker to cool down enough to open the lid. That usually takes another 10 minutes - if you are trying to orchestrate all your food being ready at the same time for a hot meal. I am guessing the cool down time is also part of the cooking process. The instruction/cook book that comes with it is very right on and helpful. Very east to clean, make sure you take out the rubber gasket from the lid and clean it well after each use. I have read that pressure cooking retains more nutrients in the food than any other type of cooking. Makes sense because so little steam or anything escapes.', 'it cooked a nice meal, however, after very first time cooking there (whole chicken), the bottom of pan browned at some spots. I have tried everything, and cannot get those brown spots out :(. I used a good amount of olive oil, white wine, and 1/3 of water.', 'I have owned and used this cooker for several years. It is the perfect size for my 2 person household. Many empty nesters and those with small kitchens will find this a terrific product.The accessories make this pot multifunctional and expand its usefulness. There is :- a steamer basket- a glass lid- a strainer lid - which locks in place like the pressure cooking lid for draining hot liquid from pasta, veggies,etc. The locking capability of the strainer lid makes draining hot liqiuds very easy and safe.There are many books available for those unfamiliar to pressure cooking such asPressure Perfect: Two Hour Taste in Twenty Minutes Using Your Pressure Cookerand many others. The options are unlimited and so you are not stuck with only pot roast or stew. You can even bake  cheesecake in the pressure cooker. Pick a book and get started!The Presto website is another great resource with lots of recipes and tips.This cooker saves time, conserves energy (propane in my case), and prevents loss of nutrients in food while giving delicious results.Do not let the stories of pressure cookers exploding from way back when frighten you.  The newer cookers have safety features to prevent this.The Presto brand is very common across the country so the parts are widely available.The sealing ring must be replaced on all pressure cookers  periodically no matter who the manufacturer is. Many hardware stores (mom and pop as well as large chains) carry thePresto Pressure Cooker Sealing Ring/Overpressure Plug Pack (4 & 6 Quart). An important  consideration to make before purchase.', "I needed a 4-quart stainless steel sauce pan and a stovetop pressure cooker.  This Presto cooker doubles nicely for both.  I already own an 8-quart electric pressure cooker but wanted something smaller for the smaller meals.  So far I have used it as a pressure cooker 2x, searing meat 1x, and sauteing unions 2x.  I'm glad I went this route instead of buying this Presto cooker and shelling out another $50-60 for another stainless steel sauce pan.", "After reading a review that said go to Ebay, I did and got 20 belts for $17.95 and free shipping from one of their highest rated sellers.  They are bulk generic, just like these, but I have had good luck with generic.  I have a bag type commercial model from Sams Club and I was told before buying it that it was notorious for breaking belts.  Belt breakage is a small price to pay for the way the vacuum works.  It was suggested by the carpet installer that did our house and he was right.  No dust, clean carpet.  I guess I drifted from reviewing the belts, but Walmart gets $3.50 for two belts and I got these for less than .50 apiece.  Here is the link.[...]Hate to do this to Amazon, but if you have a commercial bag type it will last years and you will save loads.  If they turn out to be no good I will edit my post.  Amazon is still the number one by far for my purchasing preference.  Most of the time you can't beat the price and you will never beat their service, never.  fredt", 'It replaced a broken belt in the Eureka c2000 series upright, and after month later it still works.  The value was very good.', 'These are hard to find locally.  Although the description says Genuine Eureka belts, they came in generic plastic bag.  They seem to wear about as well as the original belt.  Price is great.', "Buy a package or two to keep around so that when you get the urge to vacuum and clean house, you don't have the aggravation of being stuck without a replacement belt for your vacuum cleaner.  While you're at it, stock up on bags, too.  Like the old Scouting motto, &#34;Be Prepared!&#34;", 'I know nothing about vacuum cleaner belts other than I needed one.Fast service, belt was pretty easy to install and I have an extra one if needed.', 'Whats to say..They are drive belts for our eight year old eureka vacuum cleaner, they fit fine, fast free shipping, could not find a better price, very pleased.', 'These are the real deal.  AUTHENTIC Eureka belts for use with the Sanitaire\'s and any other of the older style uprights that have the belt running down the middle of the brushroll.  I have tried generic belts in the past and most have suffered from premature failure and "burnout".  Some have even cracked and broke as a result of the heat and friction created when the motor is running. It all depends on the type--and quality--of the rubber folks.  There is a reason manufacturers recommend sticking with genuine replacement parts.  Though generic belts/bags *may* fill the void, my experience has always been less than positive.  These fit my 30+ year old Eureka upright perfectly and make it run like new once again.  I also refuse to part with this machine because I firmly believe it outperforms many of the newer models on the market today.  What\'s more, the maintenance and design of these older vacuums are such that you can usually do the work yourself.  If you understand how these vacuums work and are mechanically inclined, they are virtually maintenance free.  There is literally nothing that can go wrong on these machines except the belt and the occasional light burnout.  I generally need to change my mine roughly every 2-3 months depending on use.  Also, carpets with tassels and loose threads wreak havoc on these things--get rid of them.  They are nothing but a nuisance anyway.  Overall, I\'m quite pleased and hope that Eureka continues to make these available for the long term.', "Do what they are supposed to, work well with my vacuum. Great value for belts. Good vacuum belts. Haven't broken yet.", "Don't kid yourself into buying non-name brand belts.  These belts are not joined horizontally which would cause them to break much, much more quickly.  They're bonded vertically all the way around which makes them very strong.  It's worth a few extra pennies to buy something that's going to last much longer.", "In the past I have taken my vacuum to a vac shoppe to have belts replaced.  Decided to try it myself, but couldn't find the belts in local stores for my vacuum.  These work and it was easy to do.", 'I got this for my old Vac.Fits fine, works, i have a spare, life is good. three more words to make 20.', 'I ordered this belt for my vacuum and it turned out to be the wrong one. GoVacuum customer service researched the correct belt and offered to not only give me a refund, but send the correct belt free of charge. Very nice people to deal with and extremely knowledgeable about products. They get a A+ from me.', 'Just what I wanted.....hard to find in stores and the price was good.I like to keep extras on hand because without them the vacuum is useless.', "So we've had this vacuum cleaner for a bit over a  year now. It was purchased September 8, 2009.Currently, my wife is complaining that the vacuum is not providing enough suction to pick up the dirt. The bag in the back was emptied so we know that's not the problem. Time is going to be spent trying to figure out what's wrong with it, and it may be finished das far as I know.My impression of the vacuum over time hasn't been that great. It performed rather poorly on hardwood flooring from the start, and I can't say I was overly impressed on carpet. It's clunky to move around, and when the bag approaches full it tends to tip over.", "I've been vacuuming for over 40 years and I enjoy trying new products.I have a myriad of machines, from $100.00 to $1400.00.  No matter what I try, Eureka makes the best vacuuming products and this particular model is best for carpets.  The ergonomics are perfect, but the singularly winning aspect of this machine is it's strong suction and firm grabbing power as you pull it back toward yourself. It's easy use is a huge plus for me - no need to disassemble, re-arrange, clean or empty trays, reassemble, etc.  I just tap the 'On' button, release the handle and go.  I'll buy one of these for every floor in the house and keep each plugged in and ready to go.", "I've only had this vacuum for 2 months but it's everything the other reviews said it was.  It's light and easy to maneuver.  I have two long hair cats and it has no problem with all of the shedding.  I like the carpet level adjustment so I can do the bare floor as well as the carpet (for thorough cleaning I use a small wand vacuum for the bare floors).  Assembly is a cinch, took me under 1/2 hour.  Returned my Oreck in favor of this one.", "In the early 80's my parents bought one of these Eureka vacuums during a K-Mart Blue-Light Special ($60) and used it as their only vacuum until I inherited it and have used it since. It still runs, but the motor bearings are worn out. This one appeared almost identical to the original so I couldn't resist ordering it. The shape of the motor housing has been modernized a bit but most of the machine is identical, wheels, handle, belt, bag, etc. (Evidently Electrolux now owns Eureka as the ad says Electrolux, however, only the name Eureka appears on the machine, like the original!)Obviously, this is not the most powerful or sophisticated vacuum available, but it definitely has a place in the home. It has adequate power for routine cleaning. It is reasonably quiet, quite light, and is inexpensive. The combination of its adequate but not excessive vacuum and its good brush design makes it preferable to our bag-less machine for cleaning some of our more valuable rugs. (The bag-less is better on carpets.) In addition, it works well for use in our RV.", "This vacuum really sucks....but in a GOOD way.The motor is plenty strong.  You can actually see it pick up the carpet.  Just be careful not to get anything (throw rug fringe, shoe laces, etc.) caught in it.I would give it a 5-Star rating except for the plastic handle.  It feels flimsy.  You'll probably need to replace the handle before the motor gives out.Overall, I'm glad I bought it.", "The cord is short and the plug keeps coming out of the wall.  I'll update when I change the bag.  Does vaccum o.k. and I rotate it every 3 times with Dyson Animal  I like the lightweight of it for hurry up jobs.", 'Great suction/vacuum power. Used in an apartment with wooden floor. The $ (dollar) value of the vacuuming power is awesome. It is a great advantage to not have additional attachments that will take away from the main vacuum. At the value of this vacuum, one can afford an independent and highly effective smaller hand-vac if hose attachments are desired.', 'I just moved into an apartment with a new synthetic carpet that sheds like a pack of afghan hounds; it choked my bagless vacuum in under a minute.  I needed a sturdy, no-frills, bagged vacuum like the Montgomery Ward upright I used for over 20 years before it died.This model was almost identical, and now that I\'ve had it for a few weeks, I\'m happy as a clam.  It has an old-fashioned rotating brush/beater roller, 5 carpet height adjustments, great suction for 5 amps, and comes pre-fitted with a humongous disposable liner bag (type F&G;), plus a spare belt for the roller.  Some parts that used to be steel have been replaced with thick plastic, but it seems plenty sturdy, and it\'s much lighter to maneuver and carry than my old all-steel model.  The on/off button and lock/unlock for the handle are both on the base, so they\'re foot controls; carpet height is adjusted by a dial on the front of the base.  The long cord (20 feet or so) doesn\'t retract, you just wind it over hooks on the handle.  The spring-attached fabric bag has a full-length zipper, inside which the disposable bag (which fills the cover from end to end) slides on with another spring.  Quick, simple.One pass with this puppy picked up enough carpet fluff missed by the bagless to knit a throw rug, but there\'s still plenty of room left for future dirt.  It\'s also a lot less noisy than my smaller bagless.  The only qualm I had in buying this was the lack of attachments for cleaning upholstery & suchlike, but I found an inexpensive accessory kit made for it (crevice tool, round dust brush, upholstery brush, extension tubes, looooong flexible hose) right here on Amazon:  the "Electrolux Home Care 60E 6-Piece Deluxe Tool Set,"  so my joy is complete.Though the image on this page looks rather green, the vacuum is actually jet black, and the bag is a black-white-red random print.  It comes in a flat box, minor assembly required.  Highly recommended for those who remember how good the old vacuums were, don\'t want to spend a fortune just to clean their carpets, or are into retro styling.', "My original vacuum had a hepa filter on it that needing replacing and apparently the manufacturer no longer made them.  I ordered this vacuum because all it needed was a bag.  I am very pleased with it.  It is fairly quiet for a vacuum cleaner, my old model used to scream like a banshee,  and it doesn't have a bunch of hoses wrapped around it constantly coming loose like my old model.  It cleans the carpet just as well as the old model.If you just need to vacuum the floor, this model is great.", 'This vacuum had great suction but the body was not sturdy enough to match its force. I had to take it apart, change belts and many other things that I have never had to do with any other vacuum. Good in theory, not in practice.', 'Rated a one (1) simply because it was not assembled and I have no idea how it would work.That was unfortunate, because, I have an older model of this Vac and It was great.  I would had to  have taken this item to a Vac. repair to have it assembled.  This infor should have been on the web site.', 'Great to be able to get replacement parts for my machine. Have enough to last me for guite awile now.', "These are real Hoover vacuum bags. They're easy to replace, and they do a good job filtering the dirt out.", 'These bags are as advertised... They fit the model of vacuum I have and do a good job of filtration. Also, they were shipped quickly.', 'They fit the vacuum cleaner and they retain dust and dirt. What else is there? They work OK, in other words,', 'These are vacuum cleaner bags from the original equipment manufacturer. They are inexpensive, they fit, they work, they make you happy.', 'Been useing these vacuum bags for many years they are good quality and the price here was very good wold recommend to others', "Since I didn't write at least 20 words the first time, I'll more fully recommend these bags.  They are a lovely pastel color, and come in a sealed plastic bag, so if the mailman hangs the package from the mailbox when it is raining, they will not get wet.  They were also folded nicely.  I have Prime, and when I first bought them, I was not given the option of buying  nine, so I had to wait to buy something else to be able to get them.  I was not really happy about this, but I expected that Amazon would have them cheaper than I could buy locally at the &#34;big box&#34; stores.  I am a daily vacuumer, and bought a Dyson from Amazon, but it lost its suction in seven months, and luckily I had saved my two Hoovers... a convertible and a concept two (which I think is from the 80's, and still is wonderful) so I use a lot of bags.  I would much rather throw a bag away than have to empty that cylinder every day.  Well, since I found that I can buy them locally for the same price, or the Arm and H..... ones for half that price, I won't be buying them any more from Amazon, but I still really like the vacuum bags, and they have proven their worth.  Hopefully I have covered the subject well enough for Amazon.", 'Just did a review for a different bag from Hoover & as stated there they work, did the job and no complaints on my part.', 'I am a Hoover fan and avid user of their vacuums.  Therefore I always purchase Hoover Vacuum Bags where I know I will get the same quality of bag as I have in the vacuum.  These never disappoint and a great prize on Amazon.', "The filter bag worked as advertised. I don't know what else is there to say about a vacuum cleaner bag, but this one is a good one.", 'Easier for me to purchase from Amazon than to go out to the stores. I am satisfied. They fit my vacuum perfectly.', 'The bags were received promptly and are everything I needed (with the exception of 1 million dollars).  I am very satisfied with the order.', "I love buying things I use constantly from Amazon instead of searching through stores looking for different items.  When you get a bit older and knees and arthritis bother you,  Amazon is heaven sent.  These bags work perfectly for my old Hoover vacuum.  Bought enough so I won't run out for quite some time.  Thanks Amazon.", "There's not much to say about vacuum cleaner bags; if you need them, you buy them.  But I've had my Hoover upright vaccum cleaner for longer than I can remember, and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to find these &#34;special&#34; bags that store dirt from the top of the bag, instead of the bottom...  Amazon to the rescue!", 'came on a Monday when I order it on Friday it was rainin that day but thank god they had wrapped it perfectly waterproof and everything will be ordering more soon :)', 'works in vacuum ,  ok', "These bags are durable and easy to install and remove.  I've used a number of them and never had an issue of bags breaking or leaking.  RECOMMEND!", "Picture of bag says 'Genuine HOOVER Filter Bags. I was sold and shipped a 3-pack of genuine imitation generic bags instead. While they were made in the USA and may be just as good, don't bait and switch products on customers. I purposely choose theses because they were supposed to be real HOOVER bags.", "I have an older vacuum and was worried that I wouldn't be able to find the right kind of bags for it, but I looked around on Amazon and found these.  They are allergen filtration bags and trap dust mites, mold and cat dander.  The Type A is still used in quite a few vacuum cleaners from what I read on the bags, so these should be available for some time.", "Well, it's hard to write a review about a vacuum cleaner that you honestly don't love.  My Hoover is a secondary cleaner for the second floor spare bedrooms -I'd never buy a Hoover again, but I suppose it sort of does the job in an less-used area of the house.  The bags are murder to install in the cleaner..", "The Hoover F4300 Floormax Supreme I ordered Dec. 29th arrived Jan 3!  Using Super Saver Free Shipping!It wasn't due until as late as Jan 16th, but there it was.And it is WONDERFUL!  The FLOOR I COULD NOT GET CLEAN WAS CLEAN! ...within minutes of completing the very easy assembly!This floor is one of those old linoleum floors with tiny grooves as part of the design...supposed to look like mediterranean tile.I don't plan to use it for rugs... I'll get myself another Hoover rug steamer with 5 circulating scrubbing disks for that!  But for cleaning the rest of my floors, the Hoover F4300 Floormax Supreme is my baby!Not only did it clean like a whiz....but it was so easy and smooth to direct it was almost like using a magic wand to scrub the floor!  It got right up next to the wall and pulled out hair and yuck...without splashing the wall!  It was amazing!I had one of these many years ago, but this one is even better!  It's far easier to handle and way quieter.My only regret is not ordering it a long time ago!Thank you Hoover and Amazon!", "I loved it so much when it was moved where I could not find it readily, I bought another one! It is a great little scrubber. I have not used it to polish, but I'm sure it would do a good job. I just have a lot of hard floor to scrub.", 'We purchased this unit originally for our own use, because our relatives had one of these always available happily for decades, but later, we shared this unit with a close family who needed it to help them with maintenance of newly refurbished wood flooring, and now that WE are writing this review, WE are reminded that WE really need to purchase another of these units in the not too distant future, hopefully still available from Amazon, when it comes time for us to make another purchase of it, because WE feel after years of family use, that this type of unit really is the BEST to use to clean and polish floors and make the job at hand the easiest possible, and the family we shared our other unit with, also voiced this same response to us as well. Blessings to you in all your floor maintenance adventures.', "The cord is too short but I use this to scrub tile, car/truck mats and have even thrown Ajax on my shower floor and patio and scrubbed them clean with this.  It's a life saver.  And it has lasted for years through a lot of abuse", 'The liquid despenser not great.  But it is light weight and buffs my wood floors nicely', "Although I haven't used it yet,(due to a leg injury) I had one years ago and I found it to do a good job on carpet and linoleum.  I am actually looking forward to when I can use it. The price is also well within range for the average person. I have used Hoover products regularly for most of my adult life.", "Good product for the dough.  A bit tricky to put together, tube to the water dispenser didn't fit right, but I rigged it up and it works fine.  No other alternative in this price range, I'm overall happy.Mike", "This is a GREAT, light weight cleaning machine. I'm cleaning a house to put on the market and this little machine has already saved countless hours. The entire lower level is tile and the upper level is carpet with a linoleum floored kitchen. I got the tile cleaned in no time with this machine, it did a beautiful job cleaning and restoring the tile to like new condition. I have started cleaning the carpet and am very pleased with the results. The brushes are powering out stains/dirt that the steam cleaner wasn't getting, and the brushes have raised the carpet pile in high traffic areas that were matted down. After using the Floormax, I extract the excess fluid from the carpet with a steam cleaner and then steam rinse with clean hot water; the results are amazing. The carpet brushes get right up to the baseboard so there are no dirty carpet edges. I also cleaned the old linoleum in the kitchen and was surprised how beautiful this old floor actually is. The Floormax removed all of the old dirt and stains, a coat of Future made it look brand new.I highly recommend this product - it's easy to assemble, a time saver...and a knee and back saver too! The only drawback is the excess fluid it leaves behind to be wiped up.", "It's basically a small flooring polisher.  It beats doing it on your hands and knees but it's not meant for doing a whole house of hardwoods at one time.", 'Good product.  I expect to be using this buffer for years to come.', 'My Mom bought me one of these from Walmart when I was in middleschool. Ive kept it ever since... Its lasted through highschool, going to summer camp, it went to college with me (I used it as extra seating and as a bed a couple of times). It made it through moving 3 times after college and the only reason it didnt deploy with me (much better than Army Toughboxes) is that it didnt have wheels. its lasted half a lifetime and still doesnt even have a strach on it. I love this thing!', "I bought four of these for $27 each at Home Depot.  I carry them in the back of my pickup truck when I need tools and toss them in the garage when I don't need them.  It makes it easy to load my truck in a hurry.What I like about them.1.  They will stack with the lid on.2.  They nest inside each other when empty3.  Lid is fairly sturdy--you can sit on one if you are careful.4.  Having a bunch of them, means they all are the same height if you want to build a platform.5.  With the lid on they are waterproof.6.  Locking handles have a solid secure feel to them.7.  With only one handle locked it act like a hinge--you can open it from one side.8.  You can write on the lids with a Sharpie pen.9.  Good size for lifting and carrying.  I've had something similar but larger and found it was too hard to lift when loaded.  These are a good size.What I didn't like.1.  One had a damaged handle.  I was going to return it, but they were out.  I can repair it with a drill and a cotter pin--so I decided to keep it anyway.2.  Hard to find more locally.I'd buy more of these if I could find them.  I use them to sort tools and activities by type.  For example, I use one for power tools, one for fiberglass materials, one for general tools.  I'd like one for camping gear.I'd give it five stars except for the one defective one I purchased.  Functionally they are excellent.  I'd recommend buying them locally and carefully inspecting them to be sure you have ones that are defect free.", 'Ipurchaed this packer cargo box in lieu of more expensive ATV boxes.  I use it on my 650cc atv to carry a multitude of items,  I did add some D rings to hold tie downs to hole items from bouncing around,  this works very well and keeps items in their place,  it has been used in various weather conditions and suffered no leaks, everything stays dry and in place now', "For transport or storage these can't be beat. I use them for power tool storage and another for camping stuff,", "We purchased two Action Packer cargo boxes to fit on our Valley Cargo Carrier.  The 48-gallon and the 32-gallon boxes fit perfectly side-by-side on the carrier. We expected the boxes to be rain-proof and waterproof, and they do not disappoint.  We have driven thru heavy rain with driving wind with these babies, and everything inside was a dry as could be - not a drop of moisture inside.  We leave them outside when we camp, through some severe thunderstorms and still no rain gets in.  They fit our purpose perfectly.We did not purchase the cargo boxes from Amazon; our local Wal-Mart had much better pricing in the automotive department.If you want to add wheels, the 48-gallon model has drill-out spots for attaching casters.  Personally, I don't want to do that because I want to keep the integrity of the water tight properties intact, and I don't want wheels on the cargo carrier.  But it is certainly an option for those who want it, and looks pretty easy to accomplish.So why 4 stars instead of 5? The handles. I wish that the handles were deeper or perhaps had folding handles.  The boxes are difficult to carry when heavily packed. I might try to drill out holes to add rope handles, but that water tight issue has stopped me so far. Other than that one detail, these cargo boxes are perfect for us.", 'I got the 35-gallon size to store some items in the basement that I wanted to be able to get to conveniently but also be able to lock up and keep out of the kids\' hands. This box is absolutely perfect for what I intended. Maybe even a bit of overkill on my part (this thing is super solid) but better safe than sorry. It is very well made. Of course, I\'m not truly putting it through its paces by using it in a truck bed or travelling through air ports with it or anything like that, but after receiving it and having a chance to see how well made it is, I have little doubt it would excel for those uses as well.Note: If you are looking on putting a lock on it, I recommend you get the "cable" style of Master combo lock that Amazon suggests. The latch hole might be a bit tricky with a different style of lock. Not impossible, but a heckuva lot harder to use than the cable.', "OMG!!! this thing is HUGE!!!I just love these things. there is so much you can do with them.use them to store stuff in a home/apartment, on a vacation, a fishing trip, the list of uses is limited only by one's imagination.I have a 15 gallon one(not sure if they still make this size) & I thought that held a lot...this one is so much bigger & roomier...the 24 gallon holds almost 2x more than my 15, & is built just a solidly as the former.After filling this, it can be used for extra seating, a footstool, an extra table maybe...These things are built like a rock!!These are like the ultimate in storage boxes.Would I recommend this to my friends?  yes I would.", 'But have not used it for that....good for camping to put a lot of small items in and to sit on around a campfire and I weigh 220 pounds!  Do not recommend standing on, but a sturdy lightweight organizer for all the small junk you never know where to pack when camping!', 'I bought this to mount on a bike trailer from CycleRevolution in Oregon. Excellent box: light, tough, waterproof, strong closure. Holds lots of bags of groceries.', "I use this to keep packages on the porch safe to get picked up, but it could be used for all kinds of things of course.It's sturdy, moves around great, and it looks good too, people can even sit on it without worrying about breaking it.", "I do a good amount of camping and was looking for something waterproof, animal proof, and that I can jam pack into the closet so it doesn't take up a lot of space.  This was perfect!It clamps down well, is a good size for my needs and appears like it will last a long time.  I only have a few comments:- Why not square the bottom up with the top? It would make stuffing stuff in here - easier.- No foam or rubber gasket around the lip of the box. This would make it pretty darn airtight  although easy to add on )- The holes for the locks were not cleanly cut out on my unit. Easy enough to fix - but I would have imagined this would have been addresses prior to shipping.Otherwise, its a small, durable storage box. What else do you want to hear?", "I took this from FT. Bliss to Iraq and so far it has held up 10X better then those flimsy foot lockers that they sell at the exchange. definately worth every penny. Still locked, still in one piece, lid still closes. Looks great, and everything inside is in one piece. wouldn't trade it for the world. May even buy some more!", "Excellent durability.  Good space inside and latches closed.  Would be better if it was taller and not as wide so one person could carry it.  As built now, you will need two people to handle this huge bin.  Would also help if the handholds were deeper.  Overall, very good.Update 11/22/11:  Not as durable as I had originally thought.  Sat on one of these (I'm not very heavy) and the molded seem on the lid split, so now I'm getting water inside the hollow lid.  And yes, the lack of a decent handle is a major annoyance.  Still, it's a decent box that continues to function okay.", 'I purchased 2 of the 24 Gallon size, one to use as an emergency medical supply container and one to utilize as a portable survival (bug out) box. I found that the 24 gallon size is plenty large enough for each of my intended uses, I kept my items limited to what was most basic and necessary and I still have room for some additional items.I am pleased that I got the 24 gallon size for my purposes because even when they are packed I can still lift them and they are easily transportable, I would think a larger size container that was packed may be too heavy to handle without help.I have posted some pictures, they have hard plastic handles that snap into position and they have a place for you to lock then. Sturdy enough construction and appear to be rugged and durable.', "I fit a metric crap-ton of stuff in this thing. It does exactly what I wanted and is just the right size where I can fit a LOT of stuff in it, but it doesn't take up a HUGE amount of space riding in the back of my Suburban.", "I got a lot of stuff. Thus I need a lot of tubs. These are durable and sturdy. Use it for a table when you're camping. If you drop it in the water it will leak, but otherwise this is the best tub ever.", "It's very durable & holds a lot. I bought it for the back of my daughter pick up truck (dodge Dakota). My only disappointment was that it wasn't long enuf to kinda touch each side of the back. I was hoping for it to fit snug but otherwise it's exactly what I was looking for just not long enuf.", 'This Rubbermaid cargo box is really nice . I purchased it to store my hunting clothes. It has plenty of room for bulky down jackets and insulated coveralls.', 'This is a great size, It fits, snugly, in the rear of our Sedona van with all the seats in place.  It is a nice size I carrly my tirechains, washer fluid, oil, stc. and hav room left over.  Plus it looks very nice with our grey interior,', "Whatever issue the previous reviewer's had it has now been resolved. This is a great product and came exactly as described!", 'I bought an ActionPacker box exactly like this one many, many (20?) years ago to serve as a newspaper box on my front steps. It has sat out in broiling sun, freezing winter, pouring rain, and the worst that happened was that the color faded and it started looking a bit grungy. I was delighted to see that these were still available, and the new one looks just like the old one, but with brighter colors (and less dirt!) It should be good for another 20 years!', 'Wanted a storage box for my automotive products and rags.  It fits just fine in my smaller 2015 Honda Fit, solid build and keeps things orderly as I like it.  Its big, but you need room for a bunch of products, this is a good choice.', "Here's the question: does your stuff have to stay *absolutely* dry?  Will a teaspoon or two of water seeping through the seal destroy your cargo?  If so, then this isn't for you if it's going to be in the bed of a truck or in a receiver carrier.  OTOH, if a tablespoon full of water is something you can tolerate, then it'll do that OK.  I suggest drilling weep holes in the bottom.  It's *pretty* tight... but not totally so.  It worked for me carrying camping gear where I can live with a *little* bit of water in a rainstorm.", 'I have to say that I have this box mounted on the back of my KLR650 and it is freaking awesome. It is keeping my things that fit in it dry and safe for a fraction of the cost of &#34;luggage&#34; for a bike of my type. Hurry and buy this now for your KLR. It is great for what it is.', 'We\'ve used a couple smaller ActionPackers for camping. Got this one for a "camp kitchen." Should have room for all the gear plus dry goods, etc. These things are great--can be used as a seat or table. Tough enough to deter many pesky small critters and should stay dry in most storms.', 'I received this 24 gallon storage box just the other day on 03 April 2012 and I liked it so much that I immediately ordered three more!I purchased the first box so that I would have one central place for all of the miscellaneous items that I usually carry around in my car, including a Black & Decker AC/DC tire inflator and a battery jump start unit, etc. all of which fit easily into this container with plenty of room to spare.The box is really much larger than I thought it would be, but still fits nicely in the back of my Honda CRV. If you want to get organized and eliminate clutter in your car or elsewhere, this is the item to get.Rubbermaid also makes somewhat larger versions of this same unit (35 & 48 gallons), but I find that the 24 gallon version is the ideal size. The larger boxes may be a bit too bulky/difficult to transport.If you have more to store, get two or more of the 24 gallon boxes instead. They stack very nicely and are lockable (2 padlocks not included), if additional security is important to you.', "I have looked for a while for a wall mount fan and saw this at our Credit Union behind the cashiers...... I purchased it through Amazon and it's PERECT for my home office. Very quiet, three speed and small enough to NOT blow papers around.  I don 't understand why they don't sell these in stores???", 'Arrived fast and in good condition.  The fan installed easily and supplied a good amount of air.  The motor made a rattling sound from the end play of the rotor shaft.  The cost is only one half that of the other fan that looks just like this one but I returned this fan because of the rattling noise.  I would not recommend this fan for a quiet location.', "I installed two Lasko 3012 fans in my fitness room after some modifications to enable them to mount them directly over the power receptacles which are at 72 inches above the floor.I replaced the existing room duplex wall receptacles with the Leviton 688 recessed receptacle and modified the fan by removing all but about 20 inches of power cord and drilling a 1.75 inch hole in the back of the fan allowing the remainder of the cord and the rear of the plug to recess into the fan. The end result is that there is no power cord showing (just like in the picture (where the power cord must have been removed)). The Leviton 688 and fan mounting plate also had to be modified just slighting in order to accommodate each other. Naturally, I tested the fans before making the modifications which were not difficult at all.The fans aren't noisy and they move plenty of air on low speed.", 'This is just the fan I have been looking for. Compact, oscillating, and adjustable speed. I have another 16&#34; of the same brand and they are very well made and I expect I will have many years of service.', "An alright fan. Function/fit sloppy. Would've liked all metal grills.  Fans is OK, can't complain about it pushing air.  I also bought a 16&#34; ECOPlus wall mount fan.  Now that one is a real keeper.  I've been looking for an ECOPlus 12&#34; wall mount to replace the Lasko.", 'I live in an apartment and it gets super hot sometimes. I have one of these in the kitchen and one in the bedroom, both positioned next to windows to blow in fresh air. I use the one in the kitchen when it gets hot from cooking, the one in the bedroom when it gets hot in the night. I have no complaints about these, I will probably get another for the living room when it gets warmer outside.', "Wall-mount fans are so practical, yet difficult to find. Never have figured out why. This fan was the perfect solution to keeping cool in a small office with absolutely no space to place a fan otherwise. It is easy to mount. However, read the instructions because, while easy, mounting is not necessarily intuitive.  The fan has 3 speeds. In a small space (my office is approx. 9' x 10'), the lowest setting circulates the air plenty. It runs quiet and has an extra-long cord to minimize the chance you will have to use an extension cord.  It includes a convenient cord, one tug on which turns the fan off.  The fan head adjusts up and down by hand-clicking into one of several pre-set positions (nothing to loosen).  The oscillation knob is in the traditional position on top of the fan, so keep that in mind when mounting. If you mount it too high, it will be hard to reach. Not an issue for me, because I always let it oscillate.  This is the second fan of this model I have bought and have not been disappointed yet.", 'Love the wall-mount feature and also oscillation, but the fan vibrates and it burned out after 2 years. Perhaps 2 years is long enough, but the noisy vibration was annoying.', "I have had an older model Eureka mighty mite canister vacuum for over ten years.  I like it so much that when the newer model went on sale, I decided to get another so that I could keep one upstairs and one downstairs.My favorite thing about this vacuum is the availability and affordability of replacement bags.  I have had quite a few vacuums over the years where models have been discontinued and it becomes virtually impossible to find bags.  Eureka, fortunately, has kept the same MM bags standard across the various model changes.Unfortunately, one thing that I discovered with this latest model, is that the hose quality has deteriorated. The new hose is much softer and tends to kink easily.  One can hear by the sound of the motor that there is a kink in the line but it is such a nuisance constantly turning and trying to straighten the hose.  I'm glad that the hose connections remain the same since I switched out the hose from the older model since I plan to use that one upstairs where it will get less use.I would rather have paid a bit more for this vacuum and have the stronger hose that Eureka used to produce.  I still like the product but have to deduct one star for the hose quality.", 'This was a gift for my mom. She says it works great is lightweight and easy to move around.', 'We have only tile and wood floors so this is the best little vacuum for us.  It is light weight, has a fairly long cord, and I prefer to have a bag over the bagless types which can smell and clog after time. The wand easily gets under furniture and it has a strong suction.If you have rugs this will not work well for you as there is not a beater bar.', "I have owned a LOT of vacuums in my day, both canister and upright and some of them were really expensive. But this little Vac has the most powerful suction of anything I have every owned.  Even more powerful than my old Dyson!  I could hardly believe it when I turned it on.  The suction actually STUCK it to the floor!Look, it's a low price machine and so instead of making it cheapo, they gave it power and cut out the bells and whistles.  So there's no hepa filters, or bagless, or retractable cord or fancy light or carpet beating head.  Actually you don't need a carpet attachment with this because it has so much suction.But that makes this very lightweight!  And without all the allergy filters etc, it leaves room for a huge bag on such a small vac.  And there are some tools,  a combo small brush and upholstery tool, a crevice tool, and the main head has a brush that drops for when you aren't on a rug or carpet.  And you can hit it with your foot so when you go from the rugs to the floors you don't have to stop.  There is also a thing on the handle to open up so that it reduces the suction on the head.  Be careful though.  Before I knew what it was I sucked my hand in and pinched my finger.  But it will let you cut down on your suction.All in all, I'd say this is well named and an excellent buy.  It seems well made too and I hope to get a lot of wear out of it.", 'My husband had one for years and it finally died.  He was very pleased when we were able to find another one to replace the old one.  Mind you this is only one of probably 5 different shop vacuums he owns.  Like cooking you need the right tool for particular jobs.', "I am a college student on a budget, and got this for my apartment. I felt pretty bad as I feel like the term canister is misleading...this is a BAG vaccuum. I had a suspicion this was the case but the product description skillfully led me to believe that there was just a canister part you empty out. Nope, it's a bag.The suction is average. The wheels on the part that is the floor/carpet attachment are such poor quality they leave marks on my hardwood. I often have to run over a scrap of paper 2-3 times before it is suctioned in.I got this because hey, $60 is a bargain. But a vacuum is something you need to maintain a clean environment, and that is something I value more than my roommate at least. I'd definitely shell out for something more expensive if I had to buy another one (and probably will soon, after a normal use in a medium apartment...this thing is hot enough to cook breakfast on. Feel it's only a matter of time before the motor burns out.", 'Very small, efficient and easy to use. The Jack Russell of all Vacuums. I wish it was bagless. Disposing the bag keeps all the dirt together.', 'This is a very lightweight, all plastic vacuum - not really a true canister vac.  I purchased this vac solely for use in vacuuming my automobiles and it is perfect for that.  The unit is extremely light - perhaps only four pounds or so - meaning that it can easily be lifted and moved around.  It is small - about 16 inches long by 6 inches wide by 8 inches tall - so it will easily sit on a car seat while being used.  Alternately, the hose in long enough so that the "canister" unit can be left on the ground outside the car.The angled arm end makes it easy to get under the front car seats while keeping the small head attachment against the carpet for full suction.  As well, the small head attachment is double-headed.  It features a three inch flat head on one side and a bristled upholstery brush on the other - convenient for flipping between car carpets and upholstery.  The only tool that is lacking somewhat is the narrow wand used for getting into tight places.  The wand is designed with a notch cut up into it, so you cannot achieve full suction.  The bag is large enough that you could vacuum dozens of full sized cars before having to change it.  The unit functions perfectly for such use, but it is a bit noisy and gets very hot from even a couple of minutes use.  Nevertheless, the light weight, light duty attributes of this vac means that its design functions well for light work such as vacuuming cars.However, it should be noted that this is a vacuum that costs far less than one hundred dollars, so one should not expect a true, heavy-duty canister vac.  It is a very light duty vacuum and not one that I would consider using extensively in my house.  The unit is a noisier than mid- or high-end vacuums and at four pounds with rather cheap all-plastic construction with a motor that gets very hot rather quickly, it doesn\'t have the feel of a vacuum that would last more than a year or two with household use. As well, the full-size floor head is a lightweight plastic unit that attaches via two hard plastic hose lengths - not a fixed, full-size arm - thus use on household carpets or floors would be awkward for some.I like this unit and am very happy with its performance for the use for which I purchased it, but anyone purchasing it for extensive household use might consider this as an auxillary or supplemental vacuum and not the single unit for such use.', 'Fed-Ex just dropped it at my door a matter of minutes ago.  Thought I would give it quick test on the kitchen floor.  WOW!  Floor clean in seconds.  Before I realized it, the entire 2 bedroom apartment was clean in a couple of minutes.  It whizzed across the ceramic tile floors and short nap throw rugs.  Who knew this kind of power could be had for 65 dollars?  Excellent value.  How can such a light weight vacuum have so much power?  It took me longer to write this review then vacuum the entire apartment.  I love it.', "I used to own a Mighty Light, which is a very similar vacuum from Eureka.Used that one for about 5-6 years until it finally broke.This thing is slightly stronger and a little louder.This vacuum does a great job getting dust and Cat hair from just about anything(carpet, velvet drapes). Best part is you do not have to run the thing over every inch of the surface (unlike other small canisters), it's powerful enough to suck dust in even when it's in the close proximity.", 'I ordered this vacuum nearly a year ago and absolutely LOVE it.  BUT the hose that came with it was flimsy and would collapse, thus limiting suction.  I contacted Eureka about this and they shipped me a new hose which is much stronger.  Apparently the flimsy one was faulty.  I was very impressed with the customer service.', 'We own a cleaning company and use the commercial version of this little vacuum almost exclusively. When we got a contract for a post construction cleaning for a condo complex we did not want to use our "good" Mighty Mites so we purchased this model because it was cheap. It cost less than half of the commercial model but had the smaller motor. We figured it was a throw away and truly didn\'t expect it to last thru the contract.However, it\'s now 2 years later and this vacuum is STILL plugging along! It has been abused and used A LOT! It has gone thru several post construction contracts on apartment complexes, a year of cleaning an industrial warehouse, and any other really dirty job that comes up. It has recently been cleaned up and put into service in an office.I don\'t recommend submitting your vacuum to any of those abuses but I can honestly say this little $60 vacuum has worked longer and harder than any vacuum our company has owned!The only complaint I have is that the hose and tools are lighter weight than a commercial business needs so we have replaced them. Plus, and this is true of all models of the Mighty Mite, they really need to include the carpet head with the vacuum! You can purchase it separately but why not include it? Now you can also purchase (separately of course) a "turbo" carpet head but it costs more than the vacuum!Regarding the HEPA filter - the older models and some of the less expensive models will not take the HEPA filter. It is a large filter that attaches over the exhaust port at the rear of the vacuum. I\'ve only seen one model that takes it although there may be others by now.', 'I like this vacuum and am glad I purchased it.  The price was good and for hard floors it it easy to use and is quite powerful.  One complaint that I do have is that because of the bend in the hose handle sometimes clogs occur if you accidentally vacuum up something like paper or large pieces of something.  It is hard to clear it but the suction hole in the handle helps enable you to "fish out" whatever is in there.  I wish that the handle was not bent.  It may make it easy to hold but the tendency for clogging is greatly increased.  Other than that I have no complaints.  You cannot beat the price and for hard surfaces it works better than any upright I have owned.  For the carpet in my bedrooms I do use an upright for so I would not suggest using this for plush carpet. However it does work well on area rugs and low pile carpets.', "Let's be honest: this is an inexpensive vacuum and yet, it lives up to everything the manufacturer says it does.  I have a Dyson that is amazing on carpet -  but I recently moved to a condo that has all hardwood floors and it just wasn't doing the job. With the recent move, I didn't want to spend more than a $100 dollars but also didn't want to regret my purchase.  After carefully reading the reviews here - I decided on the Eureka.Here are some pros:1. Amazing suction power2. Super lightweight3. Very long extension - can reach high places easily4. The hose where it connects to the vacuum rotates, creating smooth movement5. Nice long cordHere are the cons:1. The extension tubes sometimes don't stay attached while vacuuming (can be annoying)2. The opening under the floor tool does not extend the width to the edges (but the suction power makes up for it)I hope this was helpful!", "It's still in the new stage for us, but so far I like it.  It's lightweight, and powerful.  Very easy to use with all the adjustments.  I'd rate it a 5, but the parts are plastic and I'm not sure yet, if they will last.  I will update this review in a month or so.", 'This is one of the best vacuums I\'ve ever come across. My mom had an old Hoover that she got in the 1950s, and she had it for 30 years. It would probably still be working if she hadn\'t ditched it for a newer model. That was a super heavy-duty machine that could have taken care of twenty houses a day if need be. I\'ve never expected any newer vacuum cleaners to measure up to that one, but in terms of relative power and sturdiness and ease of use, this is by far the closest I\'ll ever get. When it first arrived, I thought, "This little plastic thing could not POSSIBLY do a decent job!" But when I tried it out I was amazed. It\'s so light I can carry it anywhere I need to, the cord is extra long so it goes all over the rooms, and the suction is incredible. I can reach all the way up to my 10-ft high ceilings with ease. It grabs ALL the dust in corners and the attachments actually work getting into tight spaces. Changing the bags is a breeze (and, surprisingly, I don\'t have to change them nearly as often as I thought I would.) I\'ve had mine for two years now and it still works like new. I expect I\'ll still be using it in ten years, which, in this day and age, I can\'t say about very many things. I inherited an expensive Hoover from my MIL (from the 1980s) and it was crap. I did a better job sweeping with a broom! This little Mighty Mite could outdo that one any day of the week. It also does a great job on upholstery and on the car. I have cats and it\'s great for getting up shed hair, it\'s fantastic for crumbs and larger particles. I\'ve not had any clogs so far.Highly recommended. For the money, this is a fantastic deal.', "It's a vacuum.  It does work, but it's fairly cheaply made.  This is our second one.  We moved and left our first one behind (but still had a bunch of bags).  I did some research and wanted to buy a better quality one, but ended up buying this one again.  It's inexpensive and I wanted to use up the bags.  When I can, I would like to buy a higher quality vacuum.  The unit seems to be cheaply made with cheap parts.  The hose is horrible and does kink.  And I have no idea why there is a switch at the top of the handle.  It doesn't click shut and when it opens it takes a lot of power out of the vacuum.  So overall, if you're looking for a canister and don't have a lot of money to spend it's a good option.  But next time I'll go up to the next tier (at least) of units that are around $100.", "I use a Shark upright for area rugs and it does a great job.  However, it was a hassle to use on my bare floors and I did not like the hose feature so I was looking for something light and maneuverable for bare floors, dusting, and upholstery.  I'm very happy with this little vacuum which I think is a great value for the modest price tag.PROS:  I've had many canisters over the years and they were heavy and awkward.  Dragging them around was like often like trying to drag a reluctant mule out of the barn during feeding time.  Plus the hoses could be like wrestling a boa constrictor.  The Mighty Mite is light and easy to carry, follows along easily when pulled, and the hose is easy to handle.  When I first looked at the hose I was afraid it was way too flimsy and would kink like crazy but that has not been the case.  The hose swivels easily on both ends and it is long, light, and easy to deal with.  It makes vacuuming the bare floors way easier than it has ever been.The cord coils up underneath the vac rather than retracting which is actually a plus as far as I'm concerned because it's one less mechanical thing to go wrong.  The vac sits up politely while you coil it around the cord holders so it's not a hassle to wind in place.  Suction is good for such a small vac and it does a fine job on bare floors.  The bags are a decent size.CONS:  Suction control is in an awkward place near the handle so it's easy to accidentally adjust.  Wrapping a piece of blue tape (the handy girl's secret weapon) around it solved that problem.  The attachments are a joke as you might expect from a $56 vacuum.  However, this is easily solved by purchasing a high quality floor brush, duster brush, and upholstery cleaner.  I had several I had saved from previous vacs and they fit just fine on the round end of the wands.  You can get adapters if the attachments are too big for the wand.  You will probably NOT be happy with this vac if you have wall to wall carpet.  It does not have a powered carpet head so you can only do superficial cleaning of low pile rugs.  The cord is fairly short:  20 feet, so you'll have to move the plug more often than one with a longer hose.  It is fairly noisy but ear plugs are cheap and easy to use.I haven't had mine for very long but others who have report that durability is good.  Even if I had to replace it every year, the price would make that not prohibitive.", 'I honestly don\'t understand the rave reviews for this thing (which prompted me to purchase it sight-unseen). It sucks well on bare floors, has a long cord and hose, and has a foot-thingy to change to carpet,  but so do plenty others without the following:1. Heavy. Reviewers say it\'s pretty small and light but I find it hard to handle.2. Disobeys. Ok, I\'m being funny but it doesn\'t turn corners or doorways well. You have to pull on the hose and the minute there\'s a slight turn, the hose bends all the way and blocks the air, letting out a very LOUD noise that scared the neighbor\'s dogs.3. The hose is SOOOOO flimsy! My kid\'s toy vac has a better one. Super thin inflexible plastic. A few more "bends" and it WILL crack. Since there\'s no swivel on it either, it\'ll bend and crack at the base too.4. The cord doesn\'t retract (you roll / attach it to the underside). I haven\'t seen that on the tiniest of vacs in 25 years so I never thought to look for this "feature".5. The tubes are flimsy too. When you\'re using all 3 extensions (standard if you\'re tall or just, you know, vac\'ing), any pressure you might apply for a rug or what not bends the tubes.6. The "air hole" in the tube won\'t stay shut. I\'m not sure what that\'s even for (suction reduction, maybe?) but I do know I rarely use it and it compromises regular performance. But it won\'t stay shut! Keeps sliding open from the slightest of touches.7. Everything\'s a bit "too" long, and "too" heavy, etc. It feels like it\'s rebelling against being a compact.So mostly, aside from the lack of a retractable cord, this vacuum HAS all the features, but they\'re all POORLY executed so it\'s awkward to use and will definitely break quickly. It was a bargain, but not THAT great of a bargain. CPO applied their refund policy and took it back. Very nice on the phone, too. I was bummed they didn\'t carry an alternative model I liked so I could still give THEM my money. I would have.', 'After our quite old Eureka canister vacuum had finally gone belly up, we were looking for an appropriate replacement.  Because this was needed primarily for cleaning hardwood floors, there were a few critical criteria.  It had to be strong, yet compact in size.  It should not be too loud, and the tool assortment should be appropriate for floors and vacuuming cat hair of various furniture items.  Finally, we did not want to have to mess around with cleaning out bagless vacuum containers.  The Eureka Mighty Mite 3670 came through with flying colors on all fronts.  It produces a powerful vacuum, easily maneuverable, convenient for storing, the noise is not too bad, and a good price.  This vacuum cleaner gives an excellent value, and, certainly, gets the job done that we bought it for.', 'Just got this to use for cars, garage (blow feature), and bare floors. Works well. We are both tall and this has a good length of the rigid hose, and the flex hose, also of the cord. A very good value. We have a Dyson for carpets, but this is easier to handle, and for the price good performance, especially for hardwood, stairs, garage use.', 'I suppose you get what you pay for, but this vacuum is just too lightweight, even for a two-bedroom apartment. We returned it immediately.', 'Good price and light weight, makes it easy to store and carry out to the garage to clean the cars.', "I use this at my hotel to clean the hard to reach areas and nooks and crannies - it works wonderfully and by now I've ordered 4-6 of them...", 'Good suction.  Easy to use and store.  Nice long wands for ceiling cleaning (lots of spiders around here). Drives my dogs crazy but what the heck, they get a treat later.', "I chose this canister vacuum after reading the reviews.  I have an Oreck for my carpeting and am very happy with it.  But, I don't have accessory tool attachments for cleaning baseboards, bare floors, furniture, and out of the way places.The suction power on this vac is awesome.  It picks up dirt, lint, and dust with no problem.  I have not found the length of the cord to be a problem.  For a larger home, you will probably have to switch electric outlets.I rated the vac as a 4.  The crevice attachment was fine, but the combined brush and flat attachment was an odd configuration.  When doing my baseboards, I had to concentrate on keeping the brush end positioned correctly.  It works well, but is different.  Also, the attachments are small in the area they cover.Another thing that may aggravate some folks is that this canister vac is very light.  I was doing my baseboards and rolling it along but it did tip over a couple of times.All in all, I am very happy with this vac for what I use it for.  I would not recommend this vac for large carpeted areas.", "I can only give this a 3. Tools are to small-the motor has a w h i n e to it that drives me nuts! The motor also seems to get very hot--maybe I got a dud and just don't know it. The hoses are stiff-no flexibility at all. I do like a canister vacuum though as opposed to an upright-at least this one follows me around and doesn't knock me out when I pull it along. All in all it is an OK product but they could have done a much better job with the design--you must wrap the cord on the bottom for storage-not a useful feature at all--does it work ok? Sure it does. Should you buy it? Only if you don't mind all the above draw backs.", "This is the best vaccumn cleaner I 've ever used. Its not heavy and I'm way up in years. It has a great  suction, it even cleans your baseboards. Love it.", 'On a mission to find the perfect canister vacuum with above-floor dusting capabilities:I swore I\'d never own a Eureka vacuum cleaner ever again! I\'ve had 3 that were miserable pieces of junk. However, the local vacuum cleaner store insisted that I examine the features before storming out of the store, so reluctantly I did. Not only was I surprised, I bought the thing, and it has replaced my less-than-a-year old Bosch because it\'s so much better.I need a good canister vacuum for my hard floors AND I need it to do extensive "above the floor" vacuum dusting for table tops, lamps, blinds, upholstry etc. It needs to be strong enough to remove the fur of two German Shepherd Dogs as well as seeds & feathers from my African Gray Parrot.The attachments that come with it are user-friendly -a crevice tool & a two-in one dusting brush / upholstry brush combo. I did purchase the better quality dusting brush as an acccessory. And, my Dyson power-head for fur removal from upholstry fits the wands perfectly. (Not so lucky with the Bosch I just gave away)Suction is excellent. It\'s adjustable for vacuuming throw rugs. Wands simply pull apart -no tabs to lock together- which makes it faster when you want to add a brush. Wands are made of plastic rather than metal & I\'ve found they attract dog fur through electrostatic energy. So, I gave them a spraying with "Static Guard" & voila - no more fur sticking to them!This little guy maneuvers easily & is lightweight. It stores easily as well because of it\'s small size. Bags are small, but they hold an entire houseful of fur so I only have to change them after one cleaning. Some of the "bagless" vacs I\'ve used required frequent emptying for the duration of household cleaning.I didn\'t give this little guy 5 stars because it doesn\'t have an automatic cord rewind. I\'ve been spoiled by my other vacs which had them. The cord is much longer than the one on the Bosch I just got rid of. It\'s long enough to enable me to do two rooms, however, it\'s cumbersome to wrap underneath the vacuum when done. That\'s the ONLY fault I have with this unit.If you need a suction-only vacuum for hard floors with the ability to vacuum dust above them, this is the vacuum for you. It\'s an amazing little vac without all the expensive frills of higher priced units and does an amazing job for a tiny price tag. I think I\'m going to keep this one around for a LOOOOOONG time.', 'I wanted a small hand vac to get into tight places and to suck up bugs from the windows.  Mighty Mite was recommended and had good customer service rating plus the price was far below what I would have paid locally.', "I have used a Eureka for years, so didn't hesitate to buy this one.  The vac works great but the head is poorly designed--I wish they would have kept the old configuration.  Maybe I just need to get used to it.  Our old one was a workhorse and served us well for many years.", 'This vacuum has great suction for a low end unit.  It arrived with a dented box, but everything in side was oaky.  The only feature I miss is a cord retractor.', "Noisy, but it sucks oh so good. So light and easy to move around, it's perfect. These are very hard to find at local stores for some reason. Great buy.", 'I didn\'t expect too much for an inexpensive canister vacuum.  I was purchasing to vacuum cat and dog hair on my carpeted stairs and to vacuum my car.  This little "mighty mite" packs a big punch.  Superb suction, compact and light weight, but does not feel flimsy.  When researching this purchase I found the other customer reviews helpful, and I also found other references to this model as being one of the better canister compacts.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a canister vacuum.', "Absolutely love my Eureka 3670G Mighty Mite Canister Vacuum!The suction is great, unbelievable. Now I remember why I loved canister vacs more than uprights.The plastic hose got kinked once and didn't crack.I give it 5 stars but I just wish they made them with the old style cloth hoses. Plastic ones make my nervous.", "There has been a lot written on this vac so I won't repeat what I have already read.  The main things I can add are that 1) to beware that the inlet where the hose attachment is has no one way valve.  Most vacs have a flap valve between the hose and the bag so when the hose is removed, the bag contents don't fall out the hole.  (the bag is right on the other side of the hose connection)  This has about a 2&#34; hole where you can see straight into the bag contents which means if you take off the hose there is nothing keeping the dirt in the bag from pouring back out, especially if you tip the vac nose down.  If you stand it on it's rear no problem.  2) the power switch is under a plastic bar which bends when you press it.  That means that some day the bending will eventually break the plastic bar and the switch will be exposed.  It is recessed and you would have to poke your finger into the hole once this breaks and it will.  Plastic only bends so many times before breaking.  Bad design, but for about $65 how can you complain.  My last Mighty Mite lasted 20 years.", "This suction is so good. I have all hardwood floors with cats and there are dust bunnies everywhere. This finds them all. I think the cord length is perfect too.I just don't know when to change the bag!", "minus a star because the cord is manual. I love this style of vacuum and it works well on carpet! I haven't tested it on a really dirty carpet, but the suction is nice. It is a little awkward to move around, but I've managed to work with it.", "I've had one of these for a couple of months and so far, so good.  It is loud but tolerable.  I think the bags are easy to change -- as with most vacuums, I recommend not waiting until a bag is overfull or things get messy. The long hose is good for reaching under things but makes it a bit of a pain to store.  I think the plastic it is made of is a bit cheap and I wonder if it will hold up over time.  I didn't want to spend a lot though and think it's a good product for the price.", "Heavier container than I was expecting.  But good suction, a color I thought I'd mind but I don't, easy to assemble, stores easily, and does the job for a small apartment.", "Probably best vaccuum I have ever owned. I only ever buy stand up vacuums but this one had great reviews and I thought, what the heck. It is really light. I hardly ever notice it trailing along behind me, and it has a really good suction! I love the long hose and different attachments. Whereas I used to just vacuum my rugs, now my cleaning routine consists of me vacuuming everything in my house. I mean everything. Lol. It goes from hardwood to carpet easily, the bags last a long time. There are 2 cons on this product in my opinion. 1) the cord does not retract, and 2) the hose is somewhat thin and occasionally kinks. It does seem the hose won't last long but I can't imagine it is much to replace.", 'Overall I like it, it does a great job cleaning the carpet and tile floors of my apartment. The cord is long and the long handle makes it easy to get cob webs or in narrow spaces. One only complaint is that it is a bit loud, but for the price and performance it is a small complaint.', 'This is a very handy, well made canister vacuum. We had an older version that lasted for many years, we purchased a new one for my mother, then needed a new one for ourselves.', 'My law office is 2,000 square feet of carpeted and tiled floors. We have an upright and a steam vac for the carpets and they do fine. I bought this 3670G 12 amp Eureka mainly for the tiled floors, cleaning the drapes and (because of its long wands) hard to reach places behind desks and work tables. I am very pleased with it. It uses bags, but that is a good feature for us as we like bags when pulling up dust and dust mites (the bags are cheap as I just bought 24 for $12). I do not recommend this vacuum for carpets in general because the large attachment you see in the photo is not a brush attachment (it does come with a smaller brush attachment for drapes and hard to reach spots). But for sucking up loose junk on tile and in between tiles it is great. It is also great for cleaning drapes (floor to ceiling) and hard to reach spots because of the long wand extensions.  Would buy again if needed. 4 stars', "This is a good vacuum. It's not too heavy. It gets a little tough to really move it around the carpet areas but it's not too bad. It has great suction and picks up almost everything.", "Wanted it for getting pet hair around the corners of the floors and the stairs. Works well with rigid hose. Don't have to stoop over to use it.", 'This new little wunderkind is worth its weight in gold.  Not only arrived when you said, this NEWEureka works really, really well.Thank you all for being great to work with!  Ding', "This powerful little light-weight machine cleans my house in no time. When the bag gets full, pop out that one and replace it with a new one. My house is about 1500 square feet with only one small area rug. No, it's not great on the rug. But the floors with dog and cat hair, dust bunnies and garden bits tracked in are clean in no time. Then I vacuum the big velvet couch and other furniture, dog pillows, and even the cob webs that appear now and again. This was a marginally careful purchase. My last Mighty Mite lasted for twelve years, the previous one for eight. Hard to look at another brand for vacuuming for me.", 'The Eureka vacuum itself is amazing.  It is very powerful in such a small unit. It is surprised me at the first time when I used it. There is a small vent hole in conjunction of the handler. I accedentally put my left hand over the hole (I should xeal the hole first). The vacuum suck force made a bruise on my hand.The unit is very convinient (portable). I used it for the hard wood floor and on my Mini-Van. I do not need to buy another one for my mini-van.', "I did a lot of research before buying this vacuum.  I hate this vacuum and here is why:  It's CHEAP cheap cheap plastic, cheap plastic hose that leaks air thus decreasing suction.  The suction is miserable even when the hose is not leaking air.  The body is cheap plastic.  The unit is difficult to manuever, the cord is too short and the cord is a pain to wind and unwind.I have a big dog, 2 cats, a baby, hardwood floors and 2 area rugs in a 800 Sq foot house and this vacuum just doesn't function well for my needs.Just don't buy it.  I bought this to replace an old euro-pro vacuum that I had for 10 years that worked beautifully.  I am saving up for a miele canister vacuum to replace this piece of crap.", 'really a cheap made vacuum, mostly plastic. It works ok. The suction is ok but not great. It is very loud.', "I owned a Mighty Mite vacuum for YEARS!  It was SO old that it was covered with paint from my home redecoration done in 2000 and I had used it for years before THAT!  The on/off button no longer worked so I simply plugged it into the wall to get it running and when the plug finally disintegrated I knew it was time to buy another one.  Came here to Amazon, marketplace seller gave the fastest delivery in recorded history (IN 24 HOURS!) BUT...even though the machine itself does a great job, the parts are CHEAP!  The hose is not flexible, twists all the time, I wish I had saved the hose from the old one; the electric cord is awful, very stiff, very hard to wrap around the handle, and gets easily tangled in itself.  I love the Mighty Mite but the quality of parts just doesn't cut it; next time, I'll get another brand.", 'I love this vacuum. The only thing I noticed was that the second hose that attaches to the bottom of the vacuum tends to come loose when cleaning a large rug.  The attachments are great for removing dirt in higher areas i.e. ceiling dust, etc. I highly recommend, especially for the price.', 'There seems to be some confusion about the name, I\'ve seen this advertised as both "Mighty Mite" and "The Boss" and the manufacture listed as either Electrolux and Eureka (interchangeable companies). The model number I am reviewing is the 3670G. Regardless of the name, I really like this vacuum cleaner.We recently purchased a Hoover bagless vacuum, and I was less than excited about the suction of the  extension wand and attachments. This plus the fact that we are soon getting rid of a lot of carpeting in our house and I wanted to get something more suitable for hardwood.This is a powerful, but relatively quiet little machine. Fairly basic, but with all the necessary tools. The hose is long enough to reach the ceiling without effort. It\'s also removable and can be attached to the back of the machine to create a blower (not a very powerful blower, but a blower nonetheless). The suction is adjustable and far superior to that of an upright with attachments, which is exactly what I wanted. Works very well on bare floor and carpet too. Note, this does not have a beater bar, and don\'t think it was really designed for carpet only. So, it is not going to take dog hair, for instance, out of a carpet as well as a regular upright. For the purpose I need it for, it is wonderful.My only complaint is the cord, which is stored/wrapped on the bottom of the machine. I find this location to be quite inconvenient, but since the tools are stored in the back, and there is a handle on top, I guess this was the only location left.I am very happy with this vac and would recommend to anyone.', "I recently put in hardwood floors and was looking for a light vacuum to use that would be quick to get the job done.  This vacuum is amazing! Strong suction, light enough to carry around with one hand, and I vacuumed the main level of my house literally in 5 minutes!  My husband put a strap on it too so I can wear it on my shoulder.  It makes doing the stairs very easy. The cord doesn't retract, which is kind of annoying, but I'm willing to out up with that.  The hose pieces/extender just attach with pressure and a few times they have come apart, but they would likely be fine if I get my husband to push the pieces together.  Overall very happy with this purchase.", "I need something to reach the ceiling easily - this fits the bill very well.  We have ceiling fans in most rooms and I was tired of standing on a ladder to clean them - this is lightweight and super easy to maneuver - (I did use another attachment from my old machine get the top of the fan blades)  Baseboards are a breeze - no bending anymore with this.  I have popcorn ceilings (ugh) in most rooms - this gets all the dust out so easily - I was surprised to see it pick up fine cobwebs that could not be seen - so far all it removes it the dust and cobwebs - no 'popcorn' on the floorI have the 2nd in my studio - It is great setting on the work table to pick up those tiny pieces of glass that can get imbedded in the palm of my hand - before I used a studio brush to clear my work surface - that always left a few stray pieces on the table and floor - with this small machine I can leave it under the worktable plugged in and ready.Very pleased with this purchase - if you have trouble constantly bending and/or climbing on stools (or chairs) to clean I would highly recommend this,", "I purchased this Mighty Mite to replace one I had over 15 years.  The only things on this new one that even comes close in comparrison are the power of the motor - which is good, and the extension wands.  The hose is so poor quality that it folded and cut off the air flow on my first use!! the housing feels like it will crack if you bump it into something, the wheels are not much better.  The motor makes for good suction, that is really the only positive I can give on this unit.  The old gray model I had since the late 80's was wonderful! I replaced that one with an Oreck, but wanted to go back to something with wheels on the floor for touch-ups, baseboards, overhead cleaning, etc.", "This vacuum cleaner is so much easier to use than the one it replaced.  The old one was a bag-less type that works only for a few minutes, then you'd have to stop to tear it apart to clean the canister and filters.  The HEPA filter it had was a royal pain in the ...., it would clog up in not time at all.  No suction until it was cleaned.  Typical with all bag-less cleaners, they will not work with very fine dust.This little vacuum cleaner has plenty of suction and it allowed me to clean the whole house without loosing suction.  After the first bag filled up I pulled it out and replaced it with a new one, simple, easy, done in no time at all.  It made cleaning the house a pleasure (for the first time), and I didn't have to stop to clean the filters like I would have with the bag-less cleaner.  It is so easy to maneuver it around the house you almost forget its following you.  The floor cleaning wand and nozzle take no effort at all to use, plus I can now get under the furniture without having to move anything around.  This vacuum cleaner is one I should have bought in the first place, not to mention the amount of money it would have saved me.  Very pleased with this unit, and also the super service from Amazon.", "I bought this because I have bare floors with just a few scatter rugs.  It works great on the floors, and is easy to move around, with a very long cord.  I would only rate it as adequate on rugs - it works fairy well on low pile, but not well on high piles, and has a very hard time getting cat hair up.  The pieces of tube that make up the nozzle have a nasty tendency to separate, and so I have duct-taped them together.Pros:  long cord, great on bare floors, light and easy to manouverCons:  ability to handle cat hair, deep-piled carpets, tubes don't stay together", "The thing we don't like is that the cord is not retractable, my husband thought that it was.  That is what he was looking for.", "I am surprised by all the good reviews of this vacuum.  I purchased this recently and am returning it right away.  I used it for about 5 minutes, and the smell from the machine was so horrible I had to air my whole house.  It actually made me ill.  It is made of plastic that smells, and for anyone sensitive to smells, beware of this vacuum.  It also does not have a place to add a hepa filter, which it had stated in the description, and I really need a hepa filter on the vacuum.I had bought this for my basement floors, but I would never use it.  I have a Miele for the upstairs, and I'm considering finding a used Miele for the basement also.  No smells from the Miele and you are able to add a hepa filter.  It may be more expensive, but it would be worth it.", 'I rated this very poorly and was going to throw it away, but then I got a wire hanger and some needle nose pliers and tried to see if the vacuum hose was plugged up.  To my surprise, it was!  I see from some of the reviews others have had the same issue, so here is how I was able to solve it.  I have the suction back!First of all if you read the directions, there is something called a "blower" on the vacuum.  You need to disconnect the hose and re-attach it to the blower on the back of the vacuum.  If you read the instruction manual, you will see specific instructions on this.Second, as you blow out the air on the hose, at the end there is a plastic piece that rotates and exposes a little opening in the hose near the base of the nozzle.  here I found some clogged hair and lint.  I used some needle nose pliers to pull out the clogged debris.  Then I detached the hose and carefully used a straightened wire hanger to see if I could push anything up to the nozzle.  The clog was very small but had a huge impact on the suction.  It took only a few minutes to clear the hose and the suction has fully returned.My experience of this vacuum is, as others have said, it is only for hard wood floors, tile and linoleum.  The hose is kind of cheap, so you have to be careful/gentle with it.  The vacuum is awesome for specific purposes, but trying to use it on carpet and more intense jobs will wreck the vacuum.  I really like it for the hard wood floors though.  I had given it one star, until I unclogged the hose, now I realize it does work and you can fix the suction issues.  But you have to keep this vac just for specific purposes.  Need a different vac for other jobs.One way to test the suction on your vacuum, to check whether or not it is indeed the hose, is to remove the hose and turn on the vacuum.  You can put your hand over the opening where the hose usually sits and if you feel suction there, you know that the hose is the issue.I see you can also replace the hose rather inexpensively, so that is another option, vs tossing the entire machine.Good luck and don\'t toss if you have suction issues', "I have the same model that I've used for about 5 years and been happy with - but the first one just kind of wore out... as the suction got less and less.  I figure that it served its purpose and just ordered a new one.  Not my dream machine, but certainly does the job.", 'This Mighty Mite has more suction power than my last expensive name brand upright! I have all hardwood floors and this little vacuum is lightweight and easy to handle. I never have to use a broom because this little vac does such a great job! the only con I found is that I wish the power cord was a little longer. I love it so much I recommended it to my friend and she bought one! ATHis is a workhorse of a vacuum at a great price.', 'It has high sound and received with one part of the pipe extension badly cracked. When we first open and connect the pipe to the hose extension it just open widely. It is not durable. I will never recommend this to any one.', 'good power and easy to maneuver compactaccessories are a bit flimsy -deserves 3 3/4 stars because of flimsy accessories.reasonable price', 'I have all hard wood floors and love this. The hoses and cords are really long too. I can vacuum really fast with this, very good suction.', 'For a man who has to do his own rooms, this is really the way to go, versatile and handy no matter what room I am in at the time.  The woman who cleans for me, is happy as well, since this does the heavier jobs that need to get done.  Works on carpet or a small change and back to bare floors.', "UPDATE at 3/8/13:  I'm still disappointed with the function of the accessories, but the suction is really good.  So I've decided to make do until the bags I purchased are used up.  I still had the floor tools from my deceased Dirt Devil canister, and they work okay with this vacuum. I only use the Eureka floor tool in the storage room and garage where my cats spend the night. It works okay on the vinyl/concrete/utility rugs, and on the carpeted cat scratcher.ORIGINAL REVIEW:  Did my research and had such high hopes, but this vacuum is a big disappointment.  The unit and accessories appear as described, and it sounds strong and has good suction from the open pipe.Except, not.  My house has bare floors and large (9x12) wool or cotton rugs, and 3 cats.  After going over the kitchen, I turned around and saw the same onion skin and pet hair just mocking me.  Then I spent 20 minutes on the living room rug, and afterwards it looked like only I'd crawled around picking lint by hand.  Other gripes: the flexible hose kinks flat/closed (doesn't self correct), the floor tool clogs about every 90 seconds in both brush positions (and must be cleared WITH FINGERS, the debris doesn't suck off by the pipe alone).I don't have the heart to go in to more detail.  I'm not sure how I'll get my floors clean with this device.  This blew the budget I had to replace a 15 year old, $40, Dirt Devil little red canister (that finally burned out).  Harrumph.", "It is the first vacuum that I bought for my small apt I used to live in. I spent sometime to hook all the stuff togher, and feel a lil concerned the way how the hose is connected to the rest of the head. It was great powerful machine for the first 3 months, and now it kinda lose its suction, and can't pick up hairs on carpet anymore. I guess vacuum is something u just can't skimp ur money on.", 'I have two Oreck uprights (upstairs and down), am a single, widowed guy with a housekeeper who loves the upright Oreck vacuums but they are not good for wood floors (great for carpet), we BOTH disliked the Oreck canister vacs which I had received free with the uprights as they were weak in power and had VERY small bags.  We BOTH REALLY like these Eureka Mighty Mites, a LOT! They are great for multiple cleaning projects and I just got my 2nd one for my upstairs home office.  The bags are large for a small canister vac, they are VERY powerful (no comparison between this and the Oreck canister)!!!.  For wood floors, Eureka does have an attachment for sale on their site which is a little better for bare floors but the one with this will do just fine. I also use this for my car-great for cleaning cars and in garages.  I also use one for cleaning the wood floor on my screen porch.  A GREAT price, large bag, powerful, lightweight, could not be more pleased.UPDATE: After a few years now these are still running strong without a glitch! They are awesome for the price, great power. Would replace them again with this in a minute.', 'This tiny vacuum is the best.  I volunteer my time cleaning at a cat rescue.  I run this vac almost two hours straight cleaning cement basement floors, and carpeted cat perches/furniture. The machine can get hot, but it still has a powerful suction to a concrete floor with the vac head attachment. Even with a overly full bag it still has suction and the cord is long.  I just wish the bags were larger though, as they fill up fast with cat hair and litter.  :) I do not suffer from elbow fatique considering how long I am using the machine.  The only issue I had was when a tiny cat toy got caught in the plastic pipe at the connection to the corrigated hose.  This happens quite often and the person who owns the vac fixed it by disconnecting those pieces.  This vacuum can handle being run hard and still works great.  I purchased one for my mother in law because its so easy to use, carry and to change the bags.  I think this Eureka Mighty Mite vac is better then the expensive mini Riccar I own.', "The Eureka Mighty Mite is made in China.I bought mine from Amazon in September 2011, so just over a year ago.  It has very good suction, and it is cheap.  The attachments aren't very effective, but overall, it is a pretty good vacuum.  I have a golden retriever, so the vacuum is a little overmatched, but considering it is about $60, I have no complaints whatsoever.I did just buy a more expensive vacuum, which is much better. Mighty Mite is now my teams backup QB. I hope I don't need to use him, but I am confident that if our number 1 goes down with an injury the Mighty Mite knows the playbook, and can perform capably under center.Go Bears!", 'More suction than we expected.  We have a nu8mber of vacuums since we are compulsive cleaners.  This was a replacement t for a similar one we had owned for years.  Better than our last one which had seemingly died of old age.', 'affordable and efficient little giantIt is easy to use and really picks up dirt, feathers and hairI recommend it to any  one', "My unit is an older model which is called &#34;The Boss&#34; but is the very same as this.  Mine has EXCELLENT suction and I don't mind that it is a little noisy.  Mine is used for cleaning up around the woodstove.  It does an excellent job of sucking up ash and wood particles of various sizes.  I don't understand the negative reviews, unless these people received &#34;lemons&#34;.  I would highly recommend this vac for small jobs, I don't think it was intended to be used for  whole house vacuuming.", "This is one of the best household products I ever bought.  This is a very powerful little unit and makes all those hard to clean areas a snap to clean.  I don't know what I did without this before.  From day one it was in use.  I now can get all the floor corners and ceiling corners that were so hard to get with a regular Vacuum and attachments.  And, you can vacuum your car with this too.  You can't go wrong with this canister vac.", 'As another reviewer mentioned, there are 2 models that appear identical but with different amps. Mine is the 12 amp 3670 & it is a little powerhouse. After using it for several years, I\'ve finally decided to write up a review. What I wanted was a powerful little canister vac and indeed, this little unit is just that. I see why folks use it as a mini-shop vac. However, here\'s where I have found it to be problematic for petite me: the long cord. Initially a good idea but in actuality the length is a nuisance. I finally wrapped up what I don\'t use & tied it up with a velcro strap -- I\'d rather unplug a cord a couple of times instead of picking up the durn cord, sidestepping the durn cord & tripping over the ding dang durn cord. The hose: it\'s unwieldy & is ALIVE! What I mean is, I try to coil the hose & tuck it away &... it just pops out...after me. The hose also kinks easily & I find myself constantly wrestling with it. While the exercise is good, I wish it were more flexible so I could easily coil it around the machine for storage. I use a box to stuff the durn thing in it, to contain it in the closet..& yet it still sets itself free. The brush attachment is useless at best. I use brushes from my former vacs that croaked after years of use. Would I buy this vac again? Probably not. These days, it\'s regulated to the upstairs bathrooms & dryer vents. I use an upright vac for the carpets. Downstairs there are no carpets & I use "the critter". "The critter" was a gift to me, is 6 months old & I\'m quite fond of it. It\'s a Eureka Rally 2 at 11amps. It has a retractable cord: YAY! It\'s not too long: YAY! The hose is quite flexible & stays put when I wind it around "the critter": YAY again! I\'ve nicknamed it "the critter" because it easily follows me around like my 2 cattledogs. It\'s lightweight, doesn\'t trip me up, the METAL wand attachment has this nifty latch that extends it from short to long. It has a small bag & yes, I\'ll have to change it frequently what with 2 cattledogs, but for me it\'s the perfect little vac. Note: it is shy on attachments which isn\'t an issue for me since I\'ve saved my old attachments. For now, I\'ll keep the Boss 3670 only because it is a workhorse. But, I am using it less & less with "the critter" around.', 'My wife had one of these from 10 or so years ago. It was still going, but a rough step son had broken the plastic rods, etc. Got her this one. Works even better than the old one. Much more power. My wife loves all of the Eureka products.', "This is the second one of these that I bought.  I took the origional to use in my shop and garage and the new one is for the house.  They are powerful and dependable little portable vacs.  We used to have 4 which we used in our janitorial business and I don't think they can be beat.  Don't hesitate to buy one.", "Mighty Mite is a good name for this vacuum.  It has great suction and gets the job done for a price that can't be beat.  Why pay substantially more for another canister?", "This is a great basic vacuum. It is great for my small apartment. I have a low pile IKEA rug and it works amazing on it as well as my hardwood. I like how simply each piece just fits into each other without any buttons to get broken off. My only complaint that it has a little sliding piece to remove big debris before it gets sucked into the accordian part of the hose. That sliding mechanism is great, but it's exactly where you put your hands when you vacuum. So, from time to time it opens and you lose a little suction and it has pinched my hand. That said, i can always slap a piece of tape on that part, because otherwise this vac is so good. Suction is really great. Cant beat it for the price.", 'We needed a new vacuum and I could not decide on what i really wanted. So far this thing has been pretty sweet for the price. Your are obviously not going to get quiet, super cyclone, bagless, blah blah blah and I was not expecting that. This thing is loud, takes bags and has is not easy to store. But it does the job we needed and that is what counts.I am taking one star off because I really wish there was a place to clip the hose and attachment tubes to the housing for better storage. Other than that, color me impressed.', "Good suction whether the bag is empty or 3/4 full.  Light weight.  Works superbly.  The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is the hose: the hose is too fragile and kinks too easily.  I wound up replacing the hose with one from another vacuum by swapping the ends.  Now it doesn't kink if you look at it wrong.And that is the ONLY negative I can find about this machine.  Otherwise, it's excellent.", 'We own this vacuum and it has performed wonderfully for several years.  This purchase was a gift for our daughter.', "This is a handy little vacuum, I like the fact it is light weight, it does well on bare floors and rugs but I think you'd need something a little stronger for a full house carpet.", "I have never had a high-end vacuum, and am sure those in the $200-$1000 range are phenomenal in so many ways, but for what I was willing to spend I think I got the best I could. I enjoy vacuuming so much with this little guy!Pros-Great value for the money (I did a lost of cost/value research and am one of those exhaustive pre-purchase researchers)-Good set of attachments: Floor (Carpet & Bare Settings), Crevice, Upholstery, Dusting (Upholstery with long bristles)-Strong suction - the motor is so strong when it turns off it sounds like a jet turning off its engines-Relatively light - I'm female and petite and can carry it around with one hand like a proCons- Sort of loud - but nothing crazy; I live in an apartment and don't worry about turning it on- The tube sometimes gets a bend in it when I pull the vacuum the wrong way (e.g., vacuum facing north, I turn around and start moving  south without making sure the vacuum is following me)...this stops suction until you fix it (hence 4 stars not 5)So if you're not at the stage in life where a $200+ vacuum cleaner makes sense to you (there are iPads to be bought, right?), then go for this Mighty Mite.", "I have been wanting a light-weight canister vacuum for stairs and hardwood floors.  This one has more suction than I'd imagined, and it is very light.  I also like the on-board tools.  My only complaint is I wish it had a retractable cord.  Very pleased otherwise.", 'I finally found a vacuum i like! I recently figured out that the upright vacuums I usually buy are not for me.  I had bought an oreck and got the buster buddy free...well the oreck upright bit the dust while the buster buddy trekked on. I decided I wanted a buster buddy with wheels...and i found this vacuum  It is very lightweight which is great  It has wheels so you can pull it along, and it really works great I usually buy high end vacuums and this one can beat the bag off of any vacuum.  It sucks so hard it pulls the carpet up a bit..and talk about pet hair. With two angora long hairs i have to vacuum every day.  The head has a fabric which is like the old hand  lint removers we used to use. One person mentioned that it felt "cheap" It doesn\'t feel that way to me..I believe it is made to be lightweight but is is very sturdy Aside from it working so well the best thing is it does not hurt my back to use it like my old uprights', 'I bought the Mighty Mite about a year ago and have been very pleased.  On the plus side, it has very strong suction and enough nozzle variety to get the job done. It is light weight and easy to store.  It is perfect for small apartment living. Minor negatives is that the light weight accordion hose sometimes kinks and because the vac is light weight, it will may tip about when you are moving around with it.  There is no beater brush, but the brush on the nozzle and the great suction make up for it.  For what you pay, it is a very good purchase.', 'I have 4 dogs and this little vacuum has worked miracles for me.  So light weight and easy to use.  Changing the bags is a breeze!  Great purchase for the money.', "Bought this as a gift for elderly mother.  She was carrying her canister up and down the stairs and I wanted her to have one for each floor.  She didn't want the sweeper, she thought she had enough, but I left it at her house and I see she is using it but hasn't commented on it--My nephew tried it and he says it is nice.", 'This is my second Mighty Mite.  I liked the first one better, this one seems a bit on the cheap side.  The cord is stiff and the hose kinks up all the time.  It is good for cleaning the corners, getting up dog hair, vacuuming the car, getting cobwebs out off the ceiling and catching spiders!  You will be happy with this purchase, it is very versatile.', 'we had one of these vacuums before and loved it until my wife turned it into a wet/dry vac which broke it. we tried other replacements but in the end this vacuum was the only one that could do the job.', "This is my second one, exactly same model.  I bought one for my summer house and then bought one for my other house.  They both replaced Hoover windtunnel uprights.  The uprights pulled up the nap from my hand-knotted rugs and was causing bald spots.  The Mighty Mite has just the right amount of suction to clean the carpets but not denude them.I'm very happy with these canister machines.", "I already had this vacuum for the first floor and wanted another for the second so I don't have to lug one upstairs.  At this price I was able to afford it.  This is one of the best vacuums for hardwood (or linoleum, tile) floors.  The suction is excellent.  I also use it to suck cobwebs and dust off the ceiling with the brush attachment. The attachments sit securely on the vacuum. But, be warned, the suction is so strong that if you have wallpaper it could suck it right off the wall.  Be sure to lower the pressure which is adjustible on the side of the hose.  I can't say enough good things about this product.  It's lightweight, is easy to manuver, and cleans very well. The only downside is that the hose is very thin and could easily break as could the door hinges when replacing the bag, so be careful when using these parts.  But, at this price, you can't have everything.  For those who don't want to deal with that, Eureka makes a much sturdier model but it also comes at a much higher price; about 3 times as much.  For me, this is the ideal machine, and at this price, even if I only have it a few years it's cheap enough where I could easily afford to replace it.", "This vacuum is light weight, powerful, and maneuvers easily.  It is noisy (my cats vacate the room when I turn it on) but no more so than my 10 year old Mighty Mite which it replaces.  It works well on bare wood, tile or vinyl floors, upholstery, cobwebs, dusting, etc.  It does not work at all on carpet or rugs.  The hose, wands and attachments are all made of cheap plastic so be careful or they will crack.  (I wonder, how much more this item would cost if they put decent quality parts on it?  Considering the price of plastic it might add, $2 or maybe $4?  It would certainly be worth it that small price.)Would have rated this vacuum 5 stars except for three things  1. The vent between the wand and the hose is located exactly where you hold the wand.  The first time I used the machine, my hand twisted it in such a way that it pinched my palm.  The pain was sever enough to make me consider returning the wretched thing.  My solution was to wrap the vent in duct tape.  Now it is useless but it can't bite me again.  2.  The flimsy plastic hose and wand make it feel fragile.  3.  The cord stores in a very unhandy place.  Should store somewhere on top for easy winding.", "I hate, absolutely HATE, having debris on our hardwood floors. So I did a lot of research and found this vacuum. It has a very powerful suction AND it doesn't scratch our floors. It is also lightweight and has a very long cord. So when I vacuum, I usually gently tug the vacuum while holding the hose and the little guy follows me around like a loyal companion. It is very versatile and includes different attachments to suit your vacuuming needs. Changing of the bag is easy and mess-free. At first I thought it would suck having an old-school vacuum bag (unlike today's &#34;just empty the dirt out of the canister&#34;) but NO! It's all super easy and I LOVE LOVE LOVE this vacuum.", "I'v e had many vacuums over the years, but this is my favorite.  It's light and easy to handle.  Does an equally good job on carpeting, wood floors and throw rugs.", 'Having had Eureka Mighty Mite for the last year, I am confident to say it works very well for my hardwood floors. It sucks strong and is easy to clean out. It is a great deal at its price point.', 'I have a Mighty Mite that I got 2nd hand 30 years ago.  We always thought it was the best, but my husband has it in the shop now, so I decided to get a new one for the house.  It is great.', "I bought this because it had many rave reviews and it was cheap. The first feeling you get as you assemble the vacuum is that it feels cheap, however it's simple to put together and has very good suction.. enough for the vacuum head to stick to the floor! I use it on my laminate floor and on rugs (a push of a button will switch it to rug mode). All the functions are simple.. I just step on the power button to start and it will click on or off. Overall the vacuum is very light.. the parts are light and easy to pull around and easy to maneuver. Wish it had a self winding function but you can only be so lazy. I use it on a daily basis since I have laminate flooring covering most of the house and sweeping will take forever.. and I'm very glad I bought this item!Edit: I've had this vacuum for over a year now and I still use it on a daily basis. Suction is still great. This is a must buy. I use it to clean my floor, suck up hair, clean my car.. No need to go to the carwash to use the vac!  Awesome product. I changed the bag 3 times and use the non brand name bags that you'll find here on amazon which is so much cheaper but fits fine. Love, LOVE this vacuum.The hose does tend to become flimsy with a lot of bending and usage at the part right beneath where you grab it, so it pinches sometimes now. Whoever wrote a review that it has weak suction probably hasn't noticed the 'suction power' control by the handle, where you can 'vent' or open by sliding to reduce or increase suction power. I find this as a useful function when I do area rugs.Jan 2014 Update:Hose failed (got bent up) within the first year and replaced it with Sanitaire canister vacuum hose (which I ordered on Amazon for a decent price). Still going strong with no wear on the new hose since it's better than the hose that comes with this vacuum.Suction is still going strong. I have used it for the past 4 years on a weekly basis, for both my laminate floors, sometimes my carpeted rooms, and for cleaning my car. I change the bag about 2-3 times a year.. not so much because the suction becomes weak, but rather because the vacuum gets heavy. (I always vacuum while carrying it in my left hand)Sometimes the suction is so strong I have to weaken it a little bit by opening a bit of the 'vent' near the handle.", 'The vacuum does a good job and does have terrific suction.  But the hose is very flimsy and is constantly getting kinks (which makes it get REALLY noisy till you straighten it out).  Then the wand, right where you need to put your hand to grab it, has a "Slip Ring" which you can open to reduce suction (like for doing drapes).  Problem is that it\'s always opening up so you have to stop to shut it.  These two things get very annoying.', 'I LOVE THIS VACUUM, it\'s 100% perfect for apartments or quick spot vacuuming in homes. Eureka has a winner on it\'s hands. I especially LOVE the old "tank" design as opposed to the current square "canister" design all vacuums companies are now using. Look no further in it\'s price range THIS IS the best on the market. So many pluses  but just to name a few...extra long cord, massive suction, long hose.I only have 1 negative comment:When vacuuming you are restricted to back and forth straight line vacuuming and I could see how this would be an issue for some.', "I have a laundry room in the center of the house and as anyone knows doing laundry creates dust! I decided to keep a straight suction smaller BAGGED (hate bagless) vacuum like this in the laundry room and it fits perfectly where I need it to because of its shape. It takes months for the bag to fill up and it doesn't seem to lose much suction at all or smell because I'm only really using it for clean dryer lint and to vacuum all around the laundry room when I'm finished doing laundry. Bag's aren't that expensive and are super easy to change....Nothing on this vacuum has failed as of yet, however, the switch to turn it off/on is on top and I've noticed recently that you have to push the switch a few times to turn it off/on before in works. I'm thinking the switch is going bad........But I paid 60 dollars for this 8 years ago and I have used it a lot here and there. If anyone has any recommendations about the switch, let me know. I'm not handy with things like that though unfortunately.", 'I have always had a mighty might. My last one got blown-out because it was clogged with dust after we did a lot of filling the walls with joint compound and sanding and drilling and painting and cutting wood on my old carpet which was basically used as a dropcloth and finally pulled out. It was a trooper! I recommend you find the should strap somewhere, also, and then it is easier to carry around.', "IF you can call them vacuums, that is...My 30 yr. old (yes I said THIRTY YEARS OLD) mighty-mite is the best $50 I ever spent, it sucks up everything from screws, to cat hair, to cleaning lampshades with the brush.The other $100+ vacuums I have had (including a plastic piece of JUNK Dyson) went to the big vacuum pile in the sky long ago, the Mighty Mite is still trucking.I only ever had one other Eureka.  Sadly, I gave it to someone, who probably stil has it.You can use this thing for cleaning the inside of cabinets, if some cereal spills, it MIGHT even suck out the drains if I tried, but I am afraid to lose my back-up vac when (not if) the others fail.Now I am stuck on Eureka, won't buy anything else ever again.You don't even have to CLEAN this thing, just toss the VERY cheap bag.Get one, you'll have it for 20+ years, and it will work when the others go out for the trash man. One of the FEW products I ever bought that I have no complaints about.", 'Seems to have lots of power, and wheels!  Also bought a small shop vac that has lots of power but no wheels.  I use that in lanai, and this on my tile floors inside the house.  Attachments work fine.  Would not buy for carpets, got a lightweight vac for my rugs.  I have lots of tile so this helps a lot!  Good price!  Always liked Eureka!', "Purchased the 3670G via Amazon. Just arrived and immediately plugged it into my Kill-A-Watt. The device shows amperage draw on anything plugged into it and it shows the Mite is only drawing 10amps.Either I received the 10amp model that other reviewers have posted about (old reviews though... two year old reviews) or the mfg is lying about it's capabilities.Having said all that, it's a nice, simple, lightweight machine that really sucks (in a good way), but I can't help but wonder how much better it would perform if it was truly the 12amp model.If any other reviewers have any advice, please post a comment.", "Pros: Several useful attachments includedCons: Very Noisy, runs hot, average performanceI bought this to clean the cars. It works for that purpose. However, I wouldn't recommend it for use inside the house due to the noise. I would also be concerned with using it for extended periods of time due to the heat it generates.For the price it is okay.", "Very strong suction. Used on hardwood floors and area rugs. We don't have any issue with winding the cord around the bottom. In fact, the automatic rewind on my old Mighty Mite which we used for about 15 years caused us concern when young children were around.", "Love this vacuum. It's got fantastic suction and works amazingly well on tile, wood floors and rugs. Have been using it for 3 months so far and would reorder in a heartbeat.", 'This is a wonderful vacuum for hardwood floors (or tile, viynl ect.) will not work on carpet so don\'t even try.  Makes handy vacuum to clean up after small projects like hanging blinds(saw dust).We have two dogs and 2000 plus Sq ft of hardwoods in our new home and my wife was going crazy trying to keep them clean with swiffers, bought her this on amazon and recieved it in 2 days (prime) we botha are tall (5\'10" and 6\'4") and love the long handle no more bending over, wish the brush attachments were better but we have extra from our other vacuums.Again for hard surfaces this is a 5 star all the way.', 'This was so cheaply made it should have been embarrassing to manufacture it and put it on the market. All it was ood for was making noise!  This one went back immediately.', "Since I have mostly tile floors, I like the fact that the floor tool is not motorized (and so doesn't throw bits around the room rather than sucking them up).  I'm very happy going back to a bagged machine -- cleaning the filters and canisters in my no-bag hepa vacuum was getting to be a real pain.  On hard surfaces I have had no problems with the unit turning over while dragging it around as some folks have complained about.  In fact it is light enough that sometimes I just pick it up and carry it.  The only thing I really don't like is the combination tool.  I use the brush and find that the hard nozzle tool on the back side gets in the way when I'm trying to get into a tight spot.  The hard nozzle side is a bit redundant as well -- I find the longer and thinner crevice tool more useful.  I always have trouble with black plastic and/or rubber bumpers from machines marking things up, so I generally wrap the tools with a bit of masking tape.  This unit will mark if you aren't careful, but not nearly as bad as some, especially the ones with rubber bumpers.", 'This piece of junk began well enough, actually cleaning as well as larger, earlier models.  After 2 months, however, the plastic snaps block so the heap filter sits ajar and does nothing.  Save your money.', 'great vaccume. works perfect. lightweight. easy to change bag. easy to carry or roll. great toget underneith furniture. stairs etc,just a great sweeper for a very reaaonable price,im happy happy,', "This is the second Mighty Mite I have owned.  It's a great little machine, a bit noisy, though.  Personally, I don't like how you have to wrap the cord around the prongs on the bottom of the machine but that's only because I'm in my 80's and it's a bit awkward for me.  It's a 4 1/2 star product.", "I figured it was time to write a quick review after three years of regular use.  This Eureka Mighty Mite is a bit like the little engine that could - could clean up, could be easily carried, could make leaves blown into the garage go away, and could dispose of little balls of dust or dog hair.  Not only 'could' but 'does' quite effectively.  As my age progresses, it is getting more difficult to get certain household appliances from one room to another.  Not so with this little Eureka - small enough to store under a work bench in the garage, light enough to carry up the stairs.  Two areas of concern keep it from a five star rating:  it does not do a good job on dog hair on auto carpet.  It's larger cousin has to handle that job.  Additionally, the attachment hose jams up quite often.  That's easily fixed by running a long rod (like a skewer) through the hose to loosen up the debris.  Then it will usually just pick up where it left off.  Be sure not to go bonkers with the unjamming process - you don't want to poke a hole through the hose.  The main question:  does it do the job effectively?  Answer:  an absolute yes.", "this is the third mighty mite vaccum i have owned, but this one gets hot when i use it, so that don't impress me. as a mater of fact it sort of scares me.", "I read all the reviews on this one before purchasing it, they were very helpful. This is a great vac, I have tile throughout the first floor of the house and it works great on tile. As in other reviews it is ok on carpeting, and they are right. It is good for a quick spot pick up on carpeting but not a full vacuum. I didn't buy it for carpeting. The suction on this canister is powerful and I would recommend it.", 'I\'ve owned Might Mite Canister Vacuums for the past 30 years.  This vacuum is very inexpensive so I wasn\'t sure what to expect.  Well it really "sucks", pun intended.  I can\'t complain about the power of the product, it is fantastic.  If I could just put the motor in my 30 year old case.  The case is very cheap.  The on/off button is built into the case and I don\'t believe it will stand the test of time.  The flexible tubing is so cheap it bends and cuts off air flow and the connector to the canister is different from previous models (I own three) so I can\'t just change the hose.  The combo brush tool is a joke, don\'t bother just buy another full sized brush and upholstery tool.  I do like how they put the attachments on the case.  The included crack and crevice tool is always handy and the floor brush feels durable and works very well.In summary:Pros:  Great PowerFloor tool is sturdyTool storage built into case!The canister pulls nicely, nice big back wheelsThe cord length is acceptableThe bag size is very niceCons:  The canister feels very cheap, almost fragile especially the on/off buttonThe plastic hose is terrible; I\'m going to check with local vacuum shop for fitting to make my old hose work.The tube that connects the hose to attachment is very lightweight plastic.  I just threw it away and use the metal telescoping tube from an older Mighty Mite.Summary:  If you have an old canister vacuum you should be able to put together a very nice product.  Just don\'t expect the out of the box product to last very long.  Why four stars???  This vacuum really "sucks".  I just finished cleaning out a very dusty and very large closet without even one sneeze.2/10/2013 EditI\'ve been using this vacuum for well over a month now and I couldn\'t be more impressed.  I\'ve changed the star rating to a five because this thing performs so well.  I have changed the plastic tubing with my metal telescoping and I use a better dusting brush, but everything else I have left the same.  I just can\'t sing enough praises.  All of the sand disapears out of the grout and it actually sucks down to the floor and carpeting.  I used my upright on the one carpeted room with a new bag and a new belt on the brush.  Then I put a new bag in the Mighty Mite and vacuumed again.  I was shocked at the amount of dirt that the Might Mite picked up that was left behind with the upright (the upright is a commercial Eureka).  I\'m sold.  Buy it you won\'t be sorry.', 'Very powerful so does a great job. Easy to hook up, disconnect, store. Also easy to move around while cleaning.', "What a powerful canister vacuum! I had owned several expensive name brand vacuums over the years & I must say this powerful Mighty Mite is exactly that it advertises. I love it! The suction power is unbelievable! Anyone wanting a great machine at a low price I say buy it. You will be as happy with it as I am. I can't say enough about my Mighty Mite.", 'Bought this for general use in our house which has mostly hardwood floors therefore no need for a &#34;heavy duty&#34; carpet vacuum.The Mighty Mite is plastic and lightweight, no doubt about that. The &#34;carpet attachment&#34; is fairly useless but  the other attachments for doing stairs, crevices and cleaning the car make the vacuum is a decent tool with a fair amount of suction to do the job at hand.When put in perspective and for the price point, it is a good value.', 'This vac is the best for compactness and easy of use.  Powerful suction and for the price you can not go wrong.', "I love this small vac for my bare floors.  It is a bit loud but most vacuums are so that's not an issue for me.  It does a great job and is light weight, easy to carry up and downstairs.  All in all, a great little vacuum cleaner for the money.  Time will tell about durability.", 'After reading many reviews the overall ratings for this vacuum were quite high.  For a small sweeper it has good power and the price was reasonable.  I am well satisfied with the performance.', "Nice lil gadget. Has a broader mouth than the one I purchased previously. Light-weight, so it's easy to carry around. Really cool and effective. Vacuums well, too, I might add.", "My mom owned one of these. Then I bought one. Then I bought another one for my church. They have GREAT suction, light-weight, easy to use, and last forever. My mom has had hers for probably 15 years and I've had mine for 6.", 'My son has hard wood floors in most of the house, but carpet on the stairs and hallway. This is just the right size for him.', "Bought this vacuum cleaner for those hard-to-reach places which I can't get to with the upright.  The canister is light and easy to carry around, the tools are also very light (to the point of being a bit flimsy) and do the job.  The strength of suction can be adjusted using a simple rotating collar on the tool extension tube but it is not a snug fit so it tends to move rather too easily during cleaning.  The general level of suction however is good and it picks up most dust and dirt without trouble.  It does seem to work especially well on tile.", "I purchased this as a classroom vacuum, but ended up using it in the art studio.  It's light, powerful, and gets the job done.  I would have given it 5 stars if the hose were better quality -- it's thin and cheap and twists easily -- I can't see it lasting long at all.", "This is a great little vaccum. I use on hard wood floor and it has become my back's best friend. The only downfall is the power cord 1) it's too short and 2) you can't retract it. Aside from that, it's exactly what I was looking for, cheap, light and efficient. The suction is amazing!", "I use this vacuum on a lower floor of my house which has ceramic tile. It's very small, easy to use, and picks up very well. Very handy, and I'm glad to have bought it.", "I can't believe  this little machine is so powerful and compact.  The price is unbelievable and  I am thrilled.  Thank You  for making my work day  FUN!  and  I therefore  give  5 STARS *****.", 'I had a Eureka Mighty Mite years ago... then I had another brand... came back to this one because it served me well before', 'Fantastic little vacuum for hard floors. Works amazingly well. This little vac can suck a bowling ball through a soda straw....not really but the suctions it develops is amazing. I have two long haired Cavalier King Chas Spaniels and porcelain tile floors on two levels and the hair accumulates daily. I have to vacuum every other day and this thing makes it a breeze.', "Nice and easy to handle machine with a strong motor, easy to clean filter and good accessory package.  Overall this is a good little vacuum for cleaning stairs and car interiors. However, it has 2 problems.  First, the plastic suction hose is cheap and kinks and collapses easily.  It has no reinforcing, so you don't want to step on it or bend it around a corner.  Second, the hose is a corrugated pipe style with accordion pleats the entire length.  This gives the hose a little strength, but it makes it very prone to clogs and things sticking in the folds.  I have learned to check the vacuum suction each time I use it.  If it feels weak, I need to take off the hose and shake it clean.  In good clean condition, it works as well as any canister.", "The suction on this little machine is unreal.  Sure, the parts are made of plastic and with careless throwing around, parts will break.  But if you are careful and don't step on the hose, you'll find this is a gem.  I have no carpets; just 2 throw rugs with non-rubber backing.  The 'carpet' feature totally cleans these rugs.  The floor feature is just what I need for my 2 floors of hardwood.  And the price?  OMG, if it quits in 2 years, I will have gotten my money's worth.", 'Needed a small, light duty, vacuum for our store.  After checking various reviews, purchased this item from Amazon.  It is compact, lightweight, has lots of power and uses a readiliy available dirt bag, which I prefer.  It comes with a normal complement of useful accessories and has a convenient length power cord.  We use it for bare floors and low-pile carpeting and its performance exceeds our expectations.  Three minor, non deal-breaking negative elements are - 1) the hose and tubes are friction fit and can disconnect easily; 2) The hose is corregated plastic and seems a bit cheap; 3)the power cord has a wrap-up rather than retractable storage mechanism.  But, the cord wrap-up holder is well designed and located.  I would say that the performance is surprisingly beyond light duty and the dirt bag holds plenty of dirt before needing to be changed.  All, in all, this is a very good answer if you want an inexpensive, convenient vacuum.', "I purchased this machine. So I could get into the really hard places to reach.That my Hoover Vacume fears to tred.Like behind the Headboard of my Bed. up against the wall. And under the cabinetes. Close to the edge of the Moldings. This machine, for it';s weight. ?Has a lot of power. It is totally made from plastic.And plastic components.Like the Hose, The Machine body and the attachments.,It runs a little hot when using it. The only drawbacks I could find with this machine?  Is the fact, that, Eureka only supplies you with &#34;two&#34; bags for the machine.&#34;2&#34; is hardly enough considering what the machine is made from.I would think that the whole idea behind it's being made from plastic.Is for light weight....And production costs.But when it comes to cleaning power?This machine is no light weight..It comes with a Crevace tool, a floor brush, two extensions, And a furniture drape brush combination.As well as a 25 foot power cord.The reason it is only getting four stars is because I feel they should have included a few more bags with the machine.I mean at least 12 paper bags would have made up for the fact that, the Machine is totally made from plastic.. The machine,  looks a bit like a Shop Vac. Being Bright yellow with black accents.However it is not made to pick up water and tells you so,  on the Instructions.It has a blower motor at the back of the machine which is good because, this will help to clear any clogs you get in the hose,should you pick up something that gets stuck in the hose..I do not care for the slip ring suction ring on the handel of the machine. I see no purpoise in that . You want to have a machine that is powerfull. And when this ring rolls around? It cuts the suction power in half. So you must be consciencous of this fact.Why they put it there at all is beyond me.Anyone who uses this machine wants it to be powerfull.So this slip ring makes no sense to me.Dollar Value is good. It' seems like a good macine and is very light weight for when you have to climb those Stairs.It is also good for vacuming the floor mats in the car. So this is a plus and can be used to clean the cars upholstery.So it's a good machine all around.  Just wish they were not so stingy with the vacume bags. I mean , if your going to save Money Eureka.  By making the machine totally from plastic?  Would'nt it  Wiser?.  to add a few more bags for the Customer ?  Two,, is hardly enough.  and I own a small home.GREAT when it comes to reaching into the spaces where a floor machine just cannot get into. I would have given this machine a  &#34;5&#34; Star rating except for the inclusion of only  &#34; Two bags&#34; for the Tank Unit.Had you done this? Included MORE bags...........You would have a winner.", "This is an awesome little machine for the money. Yea... The plastic is a little cheap and it is a little loud but you cannot beat the price or the power. It is perfect for hard surface floors. No it does not leave marks on wood floors. If you drag the cord under the wheels you'll get a mark from the wax on the cord but most people with a hint of intelligence should know better. No the canister does not easily tip over. I honestly don't know where some of these silly reviews are coming from. This is a great little vacuum for the price. If you want perfect go spend two hundred dollars.", "Excellent small vacuum for tile or hardwood floors.Doesn't clean carpet very well at all, but Eureka doesn't claim it will. It's adequate for getting lint or cat hair off an area rug, but if you have wall-to-wall carpet, please buy something else.The small bag capacity might be a nuisance if you have exceptionally hairy and shedding pets.", "Love the vacuum,  I'm all hardwood and tile and this powerful little guy is doing very well.My only negative is the main vacuum head for the Mite,  One setting has a little too much of a seal and just pushed the dirt as it cannot enter the vacuum.  the other setting is a little loose, needs a middle height setting.", "For stone and vinyl floor where spinning brush was kicking small particles all over the floor.  Good enough suction, compared to useless oreck free canister vacuum.  Parts fit well enough and stay if I push them tight.  Hose good enough also, undamaged from stepping on it.  Motor noise not as bad to me, but I haven't bought a new vacuum in over 10 years, so I don't know if current models are that quieter.", "I was sick and tired of using a broom so was in the market for a small vacuum. I live in a small place with all hardwood floors, so something small and light was on the top of my list.This vacuum is perfect for my needs. It has great suction, I feel it suck down to the floor! And is lightweight.The only cons (and they aren't big ones) are:the unit gets really hot, really fast. It's not a big deal, but it's kind of weird.I wish that the attachments and hose had a way to break down easer for storage. But I guess you can really only expect that with a larger unit.Other than that, its' great, lots of power.I don't think I would recommend for long carpets, or an all carpeted place. We have one area rug that's very short and close to the ground it works fine on that.", "The vacuum is very light and powerful enough for bare floors. I've owned a few of them. One burnt out because the person using it was trying to save on bags and repeatedly let it get too full.  Another one lost a wheel, but it is so light it is easy to carry. Most of all the light weight makes it so that I am never reluctant to take it out and use it as I might be with a heavier vacuum.  It has a surprising amount of power, but I am not sure you would want it as your only vacuum for rugs. It is certainly not the vacuum you would buy for extensive wall-to-wall carpeting.  The previous ones I've owned have lasted for very many years.", 'It does everything you would want it to and more. Light weight, easy to move around and store. A very powerful home tool. Gets into all those corners and tight spaces you want to reach. Excellent.', "This is the third or fourth Mighty Mite that we've had over the years. They are extremly durable, useful and can be counted on to last for ten years, with normal use. I'm not in love with the new style floor tool that comes with the vacuum but maybe I'll learn to like it? A very good value.", 'This is my second Eureka.  The first a Eureka  100 - a BIG Floor standing Model.  This died on me after fifteen years.  Was too big and heavy.The Mighty Mite was ordered and delivered within one week.Tried it out the same day - This machine S U C K S !! (I mean the DUST)The lightweight is very handy.  Did my 3 Bedroon unit with upstairs and stairs without much effort.  The extra brushes, and long handle and tubes are very good for window sills and odd corners.  Does hard floors well.The free shippind was a great help.  With a little addition to qualify for FREE SHIPPING - I got the Bissell Featherweight Bagless, which I ordered together for areally great deal.A very good buy through Amazon.  Very Happy with machine. Thanks Amazon for assisting  in the Free Shipping.', "I purchased two; one for our main house and the other for our vacation rental. I own a Miele fior the heavy duty cleaning but this little vac is wonderful for quick pick ups. Works great on my area rugs and jute rugs. Love that it's cordless. I also purchase extra filters and the extra battery pack. I rinse out the filter and always have a back up filter and battery pack. Love it!", "I have a baby just beginning to crawl.  I also have three pets and all hardwood floors.  I was tired of picking up my baby and brushing off all the hair from his clothes.  I decided I needed a light, quick, cordless vacuum to do a quick once over on the main level every day.  This vacuum fit the bill perfectly.It is very light.  Cordless, so I can do the whole main level in two minutes flat, never unplugging and replugging.  Better than expected suction.  It easily vacuums up the course dog hair and the fluffy downy persian cat hair.  Also gets up dust and dirt, and even ice melt salt that is tracked in from our front porch.  It even works fairly well on the rug in the nursery, removing the surface dirt and hair quite well.  Oh!  And I now vacuum my couches with it every day!  Turn on the brush roller and quickly go over the cushions to remove pet hair.  It will not replace your big vacuum for deep cleaning.  It will not get up large crumbs, popcorn kernels, or deep ground in dirt from carpets.The only two flaws I can see are the short battery life (maybe 5 minutes each).  For my purposes, this has not been an issue.  And it is a little harder than expected to empty the canister.  Maybe it'll get easier with practice.For the price, I am ecstatic with this little guy.  It does a little more than I expected it would (pretty efficiently vacuuming the rug and the couches), works great for my quick pet hair clean up on my hard surface floors.  I have used it every day since getting it.  Would definitely recommend.", "I am very happy with this cordless vacuum.  I had previously purchased the Hoover Linx (approx $150) - which I loved.  However, the Linx roller stopped working within a year.  I purchased a second Linx - which also had had a problem with the roller.  So, I began looking for a much cheaper vacuum that would work, but be much cheaper to replace when needed.  The Eureka does not pick up as well as the Linx (which picked up as quickly as a standard vacuum), but it does pick up most items on a single swipe.  Heavier items may need 3 or 4 swipes with a change of direction.  I've had the Eureka for several months and it is working well.  All things considered, this is a much better value than the Hoover Linx.", 'I love this vacuum!  When I first got it, I realized that it was picking up pet hair and dust that my fancy-schmancy canister vac with power brush had left behind.  My carpets are cleaner than ever, because instead of putting off getting out the heavy canister vac and lugging it around, Oh! My aching back! , I whip the Eureka out and clean small areas, often. Because it is light-weight and fun to use, I usually vacuum a larger area than I intended, take it to another room, etc..  So my entire house gets done and it seems effortless.  The run-time is great in my opinion, although I haven\'t run the battery down in a single use to see how long it actually lasts before needing a recharge.  The extra battery is sufficient for my needs, and the stand-by time seems to be good as well.I have learned that I need to move the vacuum more slowly than is my wont, to give the brushes plenty of time to sweep up the pet hair.  This vac does not do corners and edges well, but one can\'t have everything.Longer pet hair has to be pulled off the brush roller occasionally - but that is because this vac actually picks it up.  I don\'t know about rinsing and re-using the filter - so far, I have just emptied the canister, brushed the pet hair off the filter, tapped it against the wastebasket to discharge the dust, and replaced it.  It\'s sort of gray now, but it works fine.One caveat:  because it is called a "two-in-one", I thought that it could be converted into a hand vacuum as well.  Not so - the "two-in-one" refers to cleaning both carpets and bare floors.  I also use the floor setting (no brush action) when vacuuming  area rugs, rugs with fringe, etc. - anything that might get tangled up in the brush.Another thing I like is the fact that the dirt container is bagless and easily accessible.  Once in a while, I lose something that is small and important or valuable.  When that happens, I am afraid to vacuum until I find it.  Now, I think I could actually use this vacuum to find things, because it would be easy to sort them out of the canister.  How many of you have have nearly suffocated sorting throught the contents of a vacuum cleaner bag for a ring or a coin or a small part?This big little vacuum has made my life a whole lot easier.', 'Works well on both hardwood and short carpeting.  Battery last a long time before needing to use bonus battery.  Dust container easy to empty.', 'These are great to use for quick cleanups on my hardwoods.  I love it!  Easy to use, easy to charge, discreet to have in my house in the corner of a room so that I can grab it and go.  Got them for gifts as well and they have been well received.', "Overall, this seems to do a decent job.  I've had it less than 2 weeks, but have been using it daily.  This picks up dog hair (I have 4 Cardigan Welsh Corgis that bring in a lot of dirt and shed a lot).  I have a 1900 square foot house with wood, travertine, and ceramic tiles.  My opinion based on cleaning doormat rugs is that this product would not be a good on carpet.I use it daily on the carpet setting ... seems to pick up better.  I try to vacuum quickly before the battery charge runs out.  The batteries don't always get my whole house (even with using both batteries).  I'm not sure if they are charging all the way.  It does pick up the majority of the dog hair.  It can go under my couches, but it is inconvenient because it is kind of wide.  The canister does have to be emptied a few times during each cleaning and I usually have to use my hands to pull the dog hair out of the canister (it gets stuck in the flap).  The canister is on the small side, but it does the job.  Also, it is somewhat inconvenient to put back on.3 weeks later:  The batteries are not charging so I'm going to send it back ... but will try ordering another one in case this one was just defective.", 'After reading all the reviews on here, I wanted to thank everybody. This vac is even better than I thought.I kicked the Swivel thing to the curb !EUREKA--please keep this little vac, its great !Great suction, on carpet and on tile & wooden floors.This thing is fantastic !!!', "I love vacuums. But I'm not exactly sure why folks love this vacuum so much. I bought it for quick pick-ups between major cleanings, and it works well enough for that. Here are my pros and cons:PRO- light- bristles work well on thin carpet and throw rugs -- have a feeling it wouldn't work well on thicker carpet- has the option to use as a handheld or a normal vacuumCONS- Annoying to empty - the cannister doesn't fit properly and you have to wiggle it in just so. For something that is supposed to be an easy mid-week run around the house, this turns it into an annoying chore.- The metal handle isn't that stable. It kind of wobbles in the canister. It's not loose, per se, but wobbly enough to be annoying.- The handle doesn't collapse into itself - it clips on or off. So if you're vacuuming and want to use it as a handheld, you have to undo the handle...then what? Hold it? Put it down somewhere and come back later when you need it, usually in another room? Annoying.- Weirdly weighted - the bottom is kind of light but the canister is heavy. It just feels weird when you're driving it around the house. It doesn't turn all that well, and it's light enough to just pick up and reposition where you want it, but the weird weighting makes this more annoying than useful.All in all, it's 'fine' but definitely not great.", "Vacuum is very powerful, and collects lots of stuff. Hairs tend to get stuck on the brush, which I sometimes have to cut with scissors to remove. Spare battery is very useful. Would have paid a bit more if there is some way of attaching a smaller hose (like for the car interior and stuff). Overall, I'm very happy and would buy it again.", 'A thoughtful design and inexpensive but needs to be at least 20% more powerful. Inexplicably, there is hole in the market for this product category (the cordless but robust and powerful sucking and blowing category!) for under $200...if the price was better I may have opted for the Hoover Linx.', "Best and easiest little vac for kitty litter and short carpet areas ever.  I now own 4 of these, one for bedroom, kitchen, garage and our garden shed.  Saves your back compared to the old dustbusters.  The brush roller works great (I always use it, even on flat surfaces).  I can't think of anything to improve it.", "Cleaned bare floor...roller jammed on rug fibers/human hair...roller Not removable...can't clean it up...can't re-use it...wish it had worked...nice idea, but not practical for normal use.", "This one comes with an extra chargable battery is quite nice, but I don't like the handle and I am look for a vacuum that could squeeze into small area to vaccum the edge or hidden are that my large vacuume cannot reach.  So I have to return it.  Plus it takes 11 hours to charge?", "I have purchased a lot of these , because after so many years they get too old to work. But I use it everyday, to pick up cat liter and cat hair, to pick up crumbs and anything else. It is very strong for a little guy, I couldn't live without it.", "I've been using this for 1 and a half year.Batteries still charges fine and I can vacuum whole house (1200 sqft) with 2 batteries which comes with the vacuum.It's totally handy and vacuum well for hairs include pet's hairs which I really like it.It doesn't vacuum small rocks nor coins.The handle and the tank became really flimsy after a year of use. the dust tank doesn't fit to the body anymore, so it falls off easily.I am thinking to purchase the different vacuum soon.I hope this review helps :)", "It does a fine job, for what you should expect of it. Lets face it the price is great the shipping was great and I would buy another one, and did for a friend, in fact we have them in all our places so they do work, just don't expect it to pick up a bolling ball.", "This is a great small vacuum I've had one of these since they first came out and I wouldn't want to do without it.", "Best Price I can find for a cordless. It's new so in 6 months I will update if it is as good as I hope it is", 'The lame design was that the switch was too flat to turn on easily. I built the switch up w/ hot glue, & now the vac is perfect. The most brilliant feature is being able to trade the batteries quickly.  I make it attack dog hair, small leaves, dust bunnies, coco mat shedding, & coffee grinds.  It is super fast to shove around & easy to hide away afterwards.', "I did a lot of research before purchasing this machine.  This will not replace your vacuum cleaner, but serves as a quick easy clean up machine for small messes.  I wanted something to help with stairs instead of lugging our big machine up the stairs one at a time to vacuum.  It serves it's purpose.  I also wanted something in the sense of a motorized &#34;dust pan&#34; for small messes--crumbs from the kids, etc.  It works great!!I thought this detached and acted as a &#34;dust buster&#34; as well, but I was wrong (read so much about so many different ones, I most likley got confused).  But it is so lightweight and small and you can use it just about everywhere.  I would like something with a little more pin-point action, but it's not advertised as such so it's not the machine's fault.My only real complaint is the battery/power life.  Now, it does come with a second battery which is helpfull but they do not last all that long.  As I mentioned above, it does what I wanted it to do.  It's great for stairs, small messes and cleaning up a small room.  Don't expect to replace your normal vacuum with it.", "This little vacuum is the best for the daily picking up of dog hair from wooden floors.  We have three big dogs and it just has to get done every day.  The battery lasts just long enough to do the entire bottom floor of our (big) house.  This is not made for big jobs, but for a quick touch-up it's great.", "I see there are some mixed reviews, but I am really loving this gadget so far.  It has been really helpful in picking up kitty litter and dust on my wood floors and low carpets.  It seems to have a good amount of power, especially when running the beater brush.  The battery is lasting quite a while, too.  It's nice that it came with an extra battery.  I think the handle is a bit flimsy, and could have a better design.", 'Love this little vac for cleaning our stairs and other quick pickups. Much easier than lugging around the larger vacuum!', "I bought this because my mom had one when I lived at home, and when I moved out on my own, I couldn't live without one. I believe this is the best cordless vacuum out there for the price. (I've tried Shark vacuums and they were awful.) The suction is great. It doesn't miss anything. It mounts easily on the wall. It's easy to dump the dust bin. The battery lasts long enough for me to vacuum three rooms using the carpet setting. I will own one of these for the rest of my life!PS: These make awesome housewarming or wedding gifts.", "One messy African Grey together with a kibble-strewing canine in a kitchen where bread is baked 3-4 times a week was driving me nuts. I was so tired of schlepping out the Dyson 2-3 times a day to vacuum the above mentioned mess. The Eureka Quick Up Cordless is my new best friend. It was ridiculously easy to assemble and mount the charger. The bonus battery pack ensures there is always plenty of power to get the job done. Because the Eureka Quick Up wasn't designed to suck the chrome off a truck's fender, don't expect it to take the place of a traditional vacuum. For those little messes that make you tired of dragging out and plugging in the big guns, the Eureka Quick Up is friggin' awesome!", "For a number of years, I've used the Hoover Linx Cordless Stick Vacuum Cleaner, and it really does have the suction force of some of the larger vacuum cleaners.  However, with 9 cats and 3 dogs, all of whom shed, I found that not only would that vacuum become very clogged with pet hair and other debris, it was very difficult to clean out all of the residue that remained, after vacuuming.  It's now gotten to the point where the machine needs to be taken apart, and professionally cleaned.  I decided to try another type of cordless vacuum, and chose the Eureka Quick Up Cordless, after doing a fair amount of research.  I will say that, for the most part, it works well.  I like the idea of having an extra battery pack.  The suction with this vacuum is adequate for what I need, and pulling excess pet hair out of the brushes, after vacuuming, is much less problematic than with the Hoover Linx.  The cleaning head has a much more open design, and has easy access for cleaning it out.  In my household, there is absolutely no getting around this last step, after I have vacuumed.  For the time being, I think this little vacuum will serve the purpose for my needs.  There is no question, however, that it will never take the place of the larger, more powerful vacuum cleaners.  But, for quick pick-ups, it does the trick.", "I have a very large apartment with all bare floors. Once a week I sweep and use a dustbuster to pick up the piles, then wash all the floors using the Twist n Shout mop system. During that week, I use the dustbuster to just go over the floors between washings. Bending over using the dustbuster would just kill my back. I used this machine Sunday for the first time-wow-it's as strong as the dustbuster but I don't have to bend down at all. Today I used it again and got perfect results. I have a 55 lb. dog and it picks up all his hair with ease. I took the handle off and vacuumed my couch. I couldn't believe all the dog hair it swept up from the couch because I didn't even see the hair on the couch and my dog is black. Only reason to keep my dustbuster is to get behind the toilet and my tv stand. The Eureka doesn't fit there. Great Product!", "A great alternative to the corded vac.  Light, agile, and very useful.  And while I don't think anyone buys a cordless vac thinking it will replace their bigger corded ones, I literally have not used the old vac since I bought this guy.  There are some jobs that this thing just does not have the power to do, but because it's so easy to use I end up vacuuming more often overall.The battery life isn't the greatest, but since this is my first cordless vac I don't have anything to compare it to.  I usually get about half the (small) house vacuumed in a single charge on the brush setting.  I haven't found the non-brush setting to be very useful even on hardwood floors.  I tested it out on various crumbs, dry dog food pieces, etc, and I was surprised at how little it was actually picking it.  So, I just keep this thing on the brush setting and it works pretty well, and just keep rotating the batteries in the charger.More suction power or longer battery life would've given it 5 stars, but overall I'm pretty pleased with this for what it is.", "This worked pretty great for the first few months.. After changing the filter and using it continuously throughout the past 6 months the performance has gone way down. Its a really big disappointment for the price.. I think I paid nearly 60 at the time. I would recommend getting a bag less wireless vacuum if you are considering. Getting replacement filters for this annoying and the fact that it doesn't perform that well after a few uses I would just look elsewhere.", "I Love this sweeper. I love the fact that you can charge the sweeper and the extra battery at the same time. It does a great job sweeping. I swept our whole first floor and it didn't even sound like the battery was starting to die. I definitely would always use it with the brush on. It sweeps alot better. Good power and suction. I've only used it a couple times so I'm hoping the batteries have a good life in them.Update 2/20/14I still love this vacuum a lot but one of the batteries never would hold a charge. I disregarded it since the other battery was more than enough to vacuum our fist floor. When we refinished our hardwoods on our second floor I definitely needed that second battery to hold a charge to finish the whole house. When I contacted Eureka about the problem with the second battery never charging, they were kind enough to send me a replacement battery. I was so amazed at the great customer service provided by them I had to give them another 5 star updated review on here. After almost two years with this vacuum is it by far the best little sweep vac I've owned. I would totally recommend this.", "This little Eureka vac works well for me to pick up cat litter, crumbs, and easily tackles quick clean ups on the hard surface floors around my home. It also works well to get pet hair off both carpeted and fabric surfaces; I've used the beater brush setting on my couch and has the couch looking new again every time. On carpets it does a good job grabbing surface dirt except when *really* close to the baseboards. I find it lightweight and easy to handle for quick tasks.I love that it came with two batteries so it's always ready to go. I don't use the extended handle portions so for me this stores in a really compact space. The beater brush setting can be on on or off. The dust cup is relatively easy to empty.This model provides just enough power for the tasks I need it to do and I leave the bigger tasks to my full size vacuum. Pleased with this purchase and recommended for light cleaning tasks on all flooring types and low to medium height carpet.", "I had to rate this well, although I'd never buy another one. I purchased this on recommendation from my local vacuum shop. It works fairly good, short battery life with the beater brush turned on (10 min. Max) but that's okay because it came with two batteries. I've had it a few year now so it's been reliable.Here's what I don't like. Everything about a bagless design is horrible. Don't even think about removing the dust cup indoors. March the entire vacuum outside and take note of wind direction before you remove it. Another issue is the amount of dust this kicks up. Remember, for fifty bucks this isn't sucking up fur balls that are 4 inches away, so it's not sucking up everything the beater brush kicks up. I was using this in a room where sunlight was shining through the window and the sir looked like a snow globe there was so much dust floating through the air.If I were to buy another cordless vacuum, I'd probably look for something without the beater brush. I know I don't have to turn it on but then it's just in the way and blocks debris from getting past it. For now I may splurge for the Miele s194 because of the bag and hepa filter. After knowing I was inhaling a gazillion dust particles, the Miele might be cheaper than the co pay on a lung transplant.", "It's a stick vacuum, folks. So it won't do much more on carpet than collect surface debris (like any stick vac, it's not designed to, though it does have a &#34;carpet&#34; setting) or solve big cleaning problems. But it will, from solid floors, remove crumbs, most dust bunnies smaller than bowling balls, dog and cat hair, and -- for those like us who have canaries or other pet birds -- all 2,000 feathers that each one of those little darlings drops during their annual molt.What I like best is that this model comes with TWO batteries, so I can keep one in the stick vac and one in the charger so the help I need is always at hand. For the price, I like this machine.", 'Very handy for small messes. Lightweight and easy to get off the wall as well as powerful for as small as it is.', 'I was disappointed that there is not an on/off switch on the top of the handle. You have to bend over to turn it on and off. The suction is not that good and it goes not glide very smoothly. It is a good think it comes with a backup battery because it takes both to do a light cleaning over a 2000 sq. ft. house. I guess you get what you pay for and I will probably be buying a better one soon.', "I needed a vacuum but was at a loss because there are so many to choose from.  But one day in the doctor's office, I saw a clip of an asthma prevention program in California and they were recommending Eureka because unlike other vacuums, it doesn't blow the dust back out. Although this is not the exact same model, I like the portability of a cordless and it's a strong vacuum.  I have two dogs and I can get the whole apartment clean and it doesn't even lose its charge so I haven't used the spare battery yet.  It's easy to maneuver and there are two settings, one for carpet and one for bare floors.  It's also relatively quiet.", "This is a pretty awesome vacuum. It's perfect for my 515square foot apartment. The battery stayed strong for my first go around and looks to be ready to go a second time. Cool stuff.", '', "O.K, I took a chance even though some reviews had complaints, and bought this with the extra battery.  I AM SO GLAD I DID.It works and it works WELL.  I am 'aging' so bending over, extra steps, weight of objects all matter, now.  I do not have to bend over to unwind a cord.  I do not have to bend over at all to use this not even to empty the dirt cup and filter.  Simply lift it to you.  It's lightweight but sucks great!.  I use it practically daily.  It is astonishing what this picks up.  You didn't know that dirt was down there!  Great for the cat litter box, little tiny hard objects, dust, dirt,hair etc.  I am going to order one soon for the travel trailer.  I hope they don't stop making this.  It works on hard floors and on low pile carpet.  I can do my whole house on one charge.  And so easy and convenient to just pop a recharged battery out and in...Wish I had had it years ago.  I use it on the furniture too...The handle 'seems' a little loose.  It does 'seem' that way, but it's actually the way it works.  NO COMPLAINTS HERE AT ALL.  I have had it going on a year now..UPDATE January 2014,  I own 2 of these.  Have not had the first problem with either of them.  No problem with their batteries either.  I can go over my house and still not have to change the battery if it's just a quick pickup.  It DOES pick up hair, dog and cat hair, dust bunnies, small items, and cat litter etc.  I wonder how people are having complaints and claiming it doesn't pick up.  Mine is excellent, both of them!", "This stick vacuum is great for quick pick up of dog hair and small items.  Good thing it comes with 2 batteries because even when not in use, the battery power drains on it's own.Update:  I've been using this for almost 18 months and it still works well for picking up dog hair from hard surfaces.  Forgot to mention in first review that doesn't work well on carpets.", "When this first arrived, I was a bit disappointed by how unsubstantial this little machine felt, but I've just used it for the first time, and the second it hit the rug, I could feel a surprising amount of power. And the fully-charged battery allowed me to vacuum my two small carpeted rooms twice without losing any power. And when I emptied the dust cup (which was incredibly easy to do, by the way, and your hand goes on the inside of the cup, while the dirt is stuck to the outside, so your hands don't have to ever touch the dust) I was amazed by how much dust it had picked up!I have a small one-bedroom apartment with very little storage space, and this tucks away easily behind the closet door.Well done, Eureka!", "Liking everything about this product.  Power, extra battery and ease of use.  Glad I don't have to lug out my big vac as often.,  This works so great on my tiled floors and area rugs.  Highly recommend!", 'I have 4 of these 3 battery ones and one cordrd ive had 3 of the for at leat five years and all 3 still hold a charge and the corded one still works great they all work great. They all after several years need their battery changed but other than that i woud highly recomend!', "We're pretty pleased with this vacuum - it cleans our rug (it's a felt-type of material so it has very little pile) and cleans our wood floors well. I like that it has 2 battery packs - we've never had the disappointment of picking the vacuum up and realizing it's out of charge. The only issue was the first time I emptied it, dust flew all over me when I removed the cup from the vacuum. Also, the screw somehow came out of our handle and won't stay in anymore so the handle is pretty much useless now until we find a nut to use. The brush got pretty wrapped up in hair, but it was easy to cut free. Overall, a solid vacuum, but nothing insanely life changing.", "It is cheap.  The quality is just OK.  Not very well made.  I will test it and update my comments soon.  Now I am trying to charge it and see how the suction power is.  I might have to return it and get the hoover linx cordless.  We'll see.", 'I have bought every possible vacuum (3000 sq foot home with ALL hardwood floors, 5 kids and 2 dogs) and this is by far the easiest to use!  I have it mounted in our mud room and my little girl loves to vacuum, vacuum, vacuum with it.  Highly recommend.', 'Does a great job on my marble and low carpet areas. I have 3 dogs and I love that I can do a quick clean up.', "This is my third one! I have retired the other two over the years due to constant use. It's a great, durable item for the price that does a really great job! Highly recommend it!", "I bought this vacuum to keep bedroom and bathroom floors tidy.  All three people living in my house have long, brown hair and I can't stand when it gets on the floor!  The vacuum works well for touch up jobs, but it wouldn't work for heavy duty clean ups (like our pet rabbits room which gets covered with hay and fur..).  The only reason I gave it 4/5 stars was that the hair got wrapped around the roller of the vacuum instead of being sucked up into the compartment and was very gross and tedious to remove!  It's perfect for use on the stairs, however, because it only weighs about 4 pounds!  As for the battery life-- I can vacuum about 2 medium sized rooms and a hallway before the battery wears out.  Definitely glad this one came with an extra battery so it can be switched out if you need to vacuum more.", 'This is easy to use, easy to clean and perfect for quick clean-up. It works on carpet, but is not meant to be a primary vacuum cleaner.', 'I got this to use every day as I have a dog who sheds a lot. This stick vac does an amazing job of picking up hair and pet dander. My only quibble is with the original batteries that came with the vacuum: one refused to hold a charge. I called Eureka and they sent me 2 replacement batteries as a courtesy and now my little vacuum lasts long enough to clean three good-sized rooms and the sectional where my pooch likes to hang out on one charge. Love it!', "The vacuum is light weight, and picks up dirt and hair quite well.  It runs for a bout ten minutes on a fully charged battery.I am not too crazy about the charger annd charging base.  The charging base is made to be mounted on the wall with screws.  I'm not going to put holes in my walls for a vacuum cleaner that will last a couple of years.  The charging base could be used for counter top battery charging, but it's designed for wall hanging, and it slides on the counter, and the shape is not made for flat surfaces.", "This is a great cordless vac. I have two dogs and this picks up all the hair without getting clogged! (works great on floors- medium success with carpet so if you have carpet this may not be your solution). I have an Electrolux that was specifically advertised to be good for people with dogs- what a waste of money- it clogs with the first pass- don't make the same mistake.  The Eureka is very reasonable priced and does a great job.  It's also pretty quiet for a vacuum and my dog who is terrified of the regular vacuum is not bothered by this at all.", "For the money, this little Eureka is excellent. It does my little 3br apt. with no problem. It seamlessly switches from carpet to tile without effort is surprisingly powerful. I've never had to use the extra battery because the first one holds a powerful charge. I would recommend it to apartment and condo dwellers without hesitation.", "I have a very small kitchen area with tiles, and before I use my swiffer to give it a good clean, it's difficult to pick up all the crumbs and scraps that inevitably end up on the floor each day.  We keep this very lightweight little vacuum right in my question, making clean up such a breeze!", "For a battery stick Vac it's not bad. It works better with the roller bar engaged. The extra battery is a great bonus. I use it to pick up dog hair on my tile floors. It's a good deal for the reasonable price.", "This vac is amazing for picking up dog hair, broken wine glasses (who said that? :), leaves that blow into the house, crumbs, party remnants, etc.... I can't believe I lived without this thing for 40 years! If you have the kind of floors that show everything even after you've just mopped - get this! It's a two minute swish through the house and it's all picked up - it's amazing. My son actually loves it because it's 'just his size' so he is suddenly vacuuming the entire house everyday - well, if you insist! :)  I do have to put in the disclaimer that if you're taller then 5&#34;5' you will be scrunching yourself to use this. Others have posted recs on how to elongate the handle but the mfg. should man up and make it up to par.", 'Cant believe the rave reviews. I must have got a lemon. This thing has no suction at all and both of the batteries wont hold a charge after only 2 months.', 'I have a huge house and I hated unplugging and plugging in the vacuum just to pick up the crumbs every day off my hardwood floors....OMG....this is the coolest thing ever!  I just unplug........vacuum....and 2 minutes later it is back charging on the wall of my laundry room.........I love it!  I even tried it on some carpeted stairs......omg......It weighs nothing.....now it is all I will ever use on my 1 carpeted stairs and 2 hardwood stairs!!', "I bought this vacuum cleaner because I live in a very small, very crowded studio apartment.  I wanted something that was light weight and maneuverable.  This is it.  I charged the batteries and today for the first time I used it.  I have low pile carpet throughout the apartment.  I read the reviews that were mixed on whether it was good for carpets but trust Eureka as a good brand and decided to give it a try.  Boy, am I glad I did.  It is so lightweight you can vacuum so quickly and easily in 1/10 of the time it would take to drag a heavy, corded vacuum around.  It picked up everything.  EVERYTHING.  Again, I have low pile carpet so I can't speak to it's other capabilities (except that it worked equally well on the linoleum in my dime-sized kitchen and bathroom) but for me, this is absolutely wonderful.  Other reviews state that the battery doesn't last long enough.  It sure did for me.  I had the second battery charged and ready to go but did not need it.", 'If more than one speck is on the floor my husband drags out the vacuum.  So I bought him this little one that hangs in the closest.  He is in little vacuum heaven buzzing around.', 'This was one of the worst purchases I ever made. The batteries last only one cleaning. After storage for a week or so, they are flat and need to be recharged. Avoid.', "If you've never tried a stick vac, I highly recommend them.  Super great for quick pick-ups or a run-thru when company is coming.  I have owned several stick vacs over the years but this one tops them all.  The extra battery comes in handy and the clear top makes it easy to see when the brush needs cleaned.  Hang this near your mess area and make clean up quick and life simple.  It does a great job on hard surface flooring or carpeting.", "The battery really doesn't last long but it comes with two & we always keep them charged! We use this in our camper. During the winter we bring it in the house & let our 6 year old use it to help with the household chores! She loves it!", 'Works for bare flooring.  I was hoping to use it for quick pet hair pick up but it is really weak for that.  Basically it is a dust-buster with a handle and flimsy brush attached.  Takes a LONG TIME to charge.  Not worth it.', "I got this for my son when he moved to his own place.  It's got hardwood floors and area rugs so this is perfect for it.", 'Love this vacuum. So light and easy to use and it really sucks up dog hair and dust bunnies! Works on our hardwood, tile, oriental rug and regular carpet. Love, love love this thing!', "First- I love this light weight vac but it does have a couple of cons that lowered the rating.Con 1- has a hard time picking up little leaves or kitty fur ( which seems to tangle up the rollers easily..)con2. Do NOT buy unless you get two batteries. I have tried everything but the battery life is not anywhere as described and if I hadn't received a second battery I probably would have returned this item.The pro is it does still pick up other stuff pretty well and its so light weight .UPDATE:Increased the star rating due to excellent customer support from Eureka direct.  Notified them of the charging issues and they were awesome and provided the type of customer service that we rarely see anymore.  Hoping a new charging unit and batteries will improve the use time  but regardless.. customer serviced  from Eureka has me believing that if I ever have more problems, they stand behind their product", "I have birds, so before getting this stick vacuum, I was sweeping my carpet area every night around their cages. This vacuum works beautifully, and picks up things very well. It's not a &#34;suction&#34; type &#34;vacuum&#34;, but it does a great job mimicking one. The other great thing is this comes with TWO batteries, so you are never without power.  I had a stick vacuum years ago (different brand), and it only had one battery, so if the battery died before finishing, you were screwed, and had to recharge.  With this, if your power dies out, you have another one waiting, and you continue on.  I can vacuum my living room area, the hall, etc., maybe three nights before it starts to sound low. So it has a good longevity to the battery. Again, I love this thing! I'm so happy I bought this!", "I bought this to clean up the bits of cat litter my cat tracks onto the bathroom floor  when he jumps out of his litter box.  For this it works stupendously.  I haven't tried it on carpet or as a hand-held, but it seems to be durable and have plenty of suction power, and it has brushes you can turn on for use on carpet.  The extra battery pack is a bonus, tho' I haven't run down the first battery pack yet.  The battery seems to last a long time.", "I love everything about this vacuum. The mounting bracket is great for the vacuum and the extra battery. I can do the upstairs and downstairs in a small home one one of the batteries. Really lightweight - easy to pull out and use. I hate traditional vacuum cleaners because of the noise, but this is really quiet and light.It is powerful enough for hardwood floors and wool rugs. I have a shop vac, so if anything major were to happen, it's there. You'd really be better off with a shop vac than a regular vacuum if something major were to happen anyway. Between the two vacs, it's perfect.It's so lightweight, carrying it up and down the stairs is nothing, but if you have the mounting space and a few extra bucks, you might want to pick up a couple of these.", "I'll start by saying that I think we may have received a faulty unit. The canister/filter didn't sit right when clicked into place, which may have been affecting the suction power. We ended up returning it.That said, I still would have probably returned this vac even if it wasn't faulty. The reason being, there are much higher-quality vacs available for not a lot more money. We ended up with an Electrolux Ergorapido, which is so much better made in comparison (there is no comparison, really.)Plus, the &#34;handheld&#34; function of this vac is a joke - all you do is remove the &#34;stick&#34; handle, so the head of the vac when in handheld mode is the same huge head as when it is in upright mode. Most other dual-mode models have a removable &#34;dust buster&#34; style vac with a smaller head for nooks and crannies. Not this Eureka!", 'I purchased this in October of 2013. Both of the included batteries no longer hold a charge. This is unacceptable.', "So far, so good! This vac will run for 20 minutes or so, but if you aren't finished, you can pop in the other battery and keep going. I use it on bare floors, and it works great. It is not so loud, and I appreciate that.", "This product worked fairly well for about 2 to 3 weeks.  All of a sudden, I can't seem to get a full charge now. After being on the charger for days, when I turn on the Eureka, it sounds like it is dying.  I would not recommend this to anyone.", "I had trepidations about the power of this device, especially since it had a carpet brush.  I thought, as battery powered,at first, something has to give as a tradeoff.....either power or run-time.  Well, all worries came to ease after it's initial charge of 16-hours.  This broom is a little powerhouse.  It is perfect for our use, which is, to pick up stray cat litter.  It not only achieves this, but also serves to pick up crumbs or just about any small items from a hardwood or low-pile carpeted floor.  Run-time is fabulous.  It has run for more than fifteen minutes, with no degradation of power, on the initial battery.  if one has to sweep longer than this, of course, the battery can be changed with the charged one in less than ten-seconds.  Highly recommend.", "I bought this vacuum about two years ago (the version with only one battery), and now need to replace the battery. Since this package is about the same price as two batteries, I figured I might as well just get it and replace the vacuum altogether. It's nice, I kept the old charger so I can charge both batteries at once.The vacuum is great for a condo or a small house, a full charge can get you around 1000 sq. ft.  of cleaning done from my experience. It is easy to use and works very well. Make sure to empty the container once you see it getting full, I emptied about every 3 uses. The other version with the clear orange container is nice because you can see how full it was without taking it off. Come to think of it, I'll be keeping the dirt catcher from the old one too. Hair and fibers will tend to wrap themselves around the spinning brushes, but the simple design makes it easy to just slice them off with scissors or a box cutter if it gets too bad.The battery in my previous one lasted almost 2 years before it got to the point where a full charge would only get one room at best. Having two batteries to alternate now should make them last longer, I'm hoping to get three years of use out of this package.", "I ordered this primarily bc it was cordless since I have handicap issues never expecting it to pick up like a regular vacuum. this eureka cordless vacuum is absolutely amazing! it picks up as well as my dyson ball vacuum! when I emptied the dirt holder it was packed! I am so very very satisfied with the purchase. every time I use it i'm  amazed all over again. I wholeheartedly recommend this vacuum for anyone regardless of physical abilities or disabilities!", 'This is the second one of these I have purchased.  I bought the last one several years ago and it is still running strong.  I wanted a second one to keep upstairs.  This little Quick Up is exactly as advertised. What a time saver.  It is  light and weight has considerable suction for a cordless.  It is a little Go To machine and I think anyone would be glad they purchased it.  This would be a great gift I think anyone would be delighted to receive.change', "Fine if you are in a pinch or don't have a place to plug in. It just doesn't compare to a full upright vacuum though in terms of what it will pick up. I purchased thinking that the size would be a lot smaller than a full sized vac. It is only very slightly smaller than most of the uprights on the market. Probably a good choice as a multipurpose indoor to car vac. Be prepared to empty often.", "this is my 3rd Eureka Quick Pick Up cordless sweeper. They are great for picking up cat and dog hair and light floor cleaning. I use it daily as I have 2 inside cats.. I would not recommend it for heavy duty carpet cleaning as it is not powerful enough to do a thorough job.It's easy to clean the filter cup but is a little dirty to do so. Just empty the filter cup, rinse it out and the container and allow it to dry before placing on the sweeper.I am pleased it has an extra battery. The previous two did not.If you want a light weight easy to use cordless sweeper, you won't be disappointed", 'I\'m surprised at the power this little cordless has! It picks up the dirt, dog hair and even little pebbles. A single battery lasts a long time, and with the spare battery ready, I can actually keep my place easily quick-swept. (I\'m more a gardener, not a cleaner, so if it\'s not easy it probably won\'t happen.) Some cons: the filter case is a little difficult to remove, it would be nice if the "on" button was up on the handle instead of down on the base, and although the stick comes off for stair cleaning, it doesn\'t have a "Dust Buster-like" snout like, say the Electrolux Pronto (which doesn\'t have the same power). It does clean so well, I\'d recommend getting a spare filter or two (they\'re cheap) so you can rinse one out and have another ready. I\'m so glad I got this!', "I've owned other small Eurekas at my cabin and they have been dependable and long-lasting.  This Quick Up Cordless Vac is great.  While it's not a deep-cleaning vac it does what I bought it to do.....bare tile and hardwood floors.  The sand and grit hauled in by me and my dogs not only grinds on my nerves, it dulls floors.  The Eureka was easy to assemble, hang and use.  I can't comment on its durability yet. One very pleasant surprise is that it is small enough to fit under my bed foundation to get pet hair from a Sheltie (yuk) which I had much trouble reaching with the attachments on my Hoover. The extra battery pack was the final factor that caused me to purchase this.  For bare floors and very smooth rugs/carpets it performs very well.  At its price with battery packs, I'd recommend it highly  ADDITION Aug 2013: While I still like the Eureka and it does everything that a simple, cheap electric broom should do I've discovered one Achilles Heel for it.  The beater brush, used for rugs, winds up lots of rug fabric and thread around the yellow brushes.  There isn't a way to open the beater bar and clean it.  I phoned Eureka and was told that if you remove the four small screws in the head you can clean it BUT(!) you may not be able to reassemble it!  This was their confession.  Other than that annoying feature I am very satisfied with the Eureka Quick Up so far.UPDATE Mar, 2014:  This continues to be a very useful, economical product for my hardwood floors and short fiber carpet.  One hint for using on carpet---use two hands and instead of casually flipping the sweeper about like a mop....apply a little downward pressure with your non-dominant hand and bring the unit back SLOWLY to you.  This is especially helpful when doing a casual clean up of dog hair on the bedroom medium nap carpet.  While emptying the bad is still messy it does reveal how much hair, dust and grit you've spared your floors and carpet from.  4.5 STARS.", "Bought this for my parents for quick clean up for their dogs. I like how it comes with an extra NiCad battery, even though I wish the batteries were Lithium Ion.  I don't expect this vacuum to last more than a couple years just because the batteries are NiCad.  But it cleans the floors pretty well and can clean both hardwood and carpet with two different settings.", 'I bought it to replace my dead swifter. I guess I was spoiled with the swifter, it actually cleaned my hard wood floors. The Eureka just pushes it around.', 'I had bought this for my daughter for Christmas because they have a big vacuum cleaner, but she wanted something quick and lightweight for quick pick ups.  She loves this!  It came with an extra battery, so she always has it charged.  It does a good job when needed and is light weight and convenient.', "I was totally amazed to find out this uses NiCad batteries that suffer from battery memory and are horrid.  I had to call Eureka and get new batteries sent, the first customer service agent was horrible and made me call back 24 hours later in the event the batteries suddenly started to work.  NiCad batteries are horrible.  The Vac itself is great, but the batteries make it not worth owning.Among rechargeable battery technologies, NiCad rapidly lost market share in the 1990's, to NiMH and Li-ion batteries; market share dropped by 80% for good reason.  With the battery technology today there is no reason Eureka should have used them except to be cheap.", 'The Eureka Quick Up Cordless w/bonus Battery pack works great. Having the spare battery is perfect. It works great on bare floor and carpets. there is 2 setting/ one for each.', "We bought a little sweeper just like this one about 6 years ago.  When the batteries finally died, we decided to look for a new one.  Overall, we have been very happy and I would recommend it to anyone.This sweeper is just what we were looking for.  It is pretty much a dust buster with a wider mouth and long handle so you don't have to bend over.  It has a charging base that mounts to the wall, which holds both the sweeper and the extra battery.  We have hard floors through the main part of our house, and this sweeper works great for picking up all the dirt and hair from our two large dogs.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I do need to clean it out a couple of times due to the dog hair, or else the container gets too full and it won't continue to pick up the dirt.  On one hand, it would be nice if the container was a little larger, but it is also meant to be small and light weight, so you have to take that into consideration.  For someone without dogs, this would work great.  It is also nice if you have a small mess to clean up and don't want to get out the big sweeper.", "This thing has scratched my floor so many times that I have since donated it to goodwill. The ground clearance is so low that if you have any tiny bits of dirt/rock on your floor that you didn't notice you will notice it for sure once you run the vacuum over it and see the scratch. I will say that I have kids and dogs and they track in more than the average amount of dirt.", 'Light and easy to use, it is just the thing for those occasional pick up of spilled dry objects, those little gritty things that collect on the floor, and other such items,  It is not meant to compete with the full sized heavy vacuums that do really good deep cleaning, but for just a light going over it works great.', 'This is my third one--need I say more? A great quick clean up tool--surprisingly efficient--super dog hair pick-up and light weight too!', "We retired in Florida and about half of our flooring is tile.  We needed a stick vacuum that would properly sweep the tile floor so we could then steam clean it with another device.  It's quick and easy to use and it weighs very little.  When done, we put it on the charger and it is ready for the next time we have a need for it.  It does take about 16 hours to fully charge the batteries, but it's not really  a problem, since we don't use it every day.  The extra battery should come in handy over time, since all batteries lose their ability to hold a charge.  I suspect that it will take a year or two (or more) before we have to buy a new battery, which is available for purchase through Eureka.  This cordless stick vacuum is exactly what we needed and it was a good purchase.", "It is so easy to use, I can stand in one spot and vacuum a large area at one time.  Having two batteries is great, as the one in it (not in the charging holder) goes down quickly, but the back-up finishes my house.  Three problems:  1.  There's a screw on the side between the handle and the bottom that won't stay screwed in.  2.  The bristles have to be checked every time to clean it, with my  shoulder-length hair.  3.  The dust holder just barely stays on the unit; the button that holds it in place barely fits right.It was real easy to put together from the box.But it picks up great and fast and easy, and always amazes me that I can make such a mess to fill the filter!", "If your goal is to remove the occasional spot, and even clean an occasional small piece of upholstered (water-safe) furniture, this machine really really works.I got the Steamvac Jr. to clean up small stains left by my dog, who likes to chew treats on our off-white carpet, and who spends hours each day on our beige sofa. Wow, it really removes the spots! In fact it cleans so well, it actually leaves &quot;clean spots&quot; behind so I have to avoid over-cleaning for fear of drawing attention to the place.I even used the machine to clean a sofa, which is very very time consuming because the machine has a tiny business end, but it did a great job.Don't be misled by the name. This machine does NOT heat water into a blast of steam. It simply sprays on hot tap water (and detergent) that you pour in; then it vacuums it back out, along with the dirt. It's a small, easily carried spray &amp; vac machine -- not a boiler.The machine is offensively loud. It seems to me like the people designing it must not have cared for even a moment how loud it was -- like they weren't even trying to be civil or responsible. Since it takes quite a few minutes to clean a large item (say, a chair) with the teeny little washing head, the noise is a problem. I actually put on hearing protection when operating it for long.But hey, the machine really really works, and it'll pay for itself the first 1-2 times you use it. I'm glad I bought it. Just remember to protect your hearing.", 'Arrived promptly.  Works well on small stains.  Used it on furniture and it had adequate spray and suction.  No complaints.', "My first use of this steamvac on my light-gray berber carpet was on the red clay stains just inside the door, and old yellowed cat barf spots that were impervious to all the carpet cleaners and home remedies I had tried previously.  The steamvac cleaned it all up beautifully!Since the nozzle on this unit is only four inches wide, it took a while to do the whole area by the door (maybe 30 minutes for 20 square feet), but the smaller spots took no time.  Once I got used to the motion of cleaning it went more quickly.  You do two 'wet' passes while holding the trigger, which squirts out the hot water and cleaning solution in a fan pattern; then a few 'dry' passes (sans trigger) to suction up the water...you can see through the clear nozzle when there is no more water being taken up. The suction is quite powerful and leaves the carpet just a tad damp... my carpet dried in about an hour.The steamvac is light and easy to carry around, even when full of water.  It has an easy-access fill port on top for putting in the cleaning solution and hot water (which I heated in a glass pitcher in my microwave).  There is an auto shutoff feature when the separate recovery tank (which holds the used water) gets full, and a spout on the side through which you empty out the dirty water.  When I dumped out the recovery tank I was astonished at how much dirt had been in my carpet, even though I'd vacuumed thoroughly before using the steamvac!This little unit does make big noise, but I think that's due to the powerful suction.  I don't consider the noise level a drawback. It's a lot less expensive and a lot more convenient than renting the Rug Doctor or calling in the professional rug cleaners for a few dirty spots.I am SO glad I bought this!", "The biggest problem in cleaning spots and stains out of furniture and area rugs is lugging around a heavy piece of equipment. This Hoover is small enough to carry with ease and fills simply from the top. It even has a  built in mechanism so it can't overflow. I liked its performance overall  and found it as good, if not better then other household machines. Of  course it seems to work best with the cleaner it came with but since it's  an economical product that isn't a problem either. The best feature it has  is two separate tanks which means you won't end up cleaning your sofa with  dirty water. Overall this product is a good investment and pasys for itself  in one use.", "With a one year old and two year old around the house, there is no end of messes, spills, leaking diapers,etc. I've used this to clean spoiled milk out of the bottom of our truck, clean up poopie off the carpet, scrub juice off the living room floor and it does a MAGNIFICENT job!! i would buy it a hundred times over. I highly recommend it for small jobs that don't require professional cleaning. It'll definately get you through and do a better than expected job", 'No assembly and ready to go out of box.  2 ounce of cleaner and 1/2 gallon hot water to fill the unit through a convenient fill hole.  Unit does not have to be disassembled to empty, a convenient drain spout.After first use, waste water came out black, and an immediate elimination of pet odor in the stairway.Small size and light weight make it idea for immediate spill clean ups.Unit is built top heavy with a large handle, this balances the weight when solution is in the unit.Cord could be longer and retractable.', "I just got this today to clean up a mess my cat made on my couch.  Like other reviewers said, this does NOT create steam, but instead uses hot tap water (I'm not sure why they named it &quot;Steamvac&quot;).It worked well and cleaned up the spots on my couch.  There was plenty of dirty water in the recovery tank, which proves that it does suction.  Many small cleaners like this spray solution on, but don't suction it back out.I didn't think it was overly loud, considering it is a vacuum.  It is very light and easy to carry.  The only reason I didn't give it 4 stars is because it doesn't have a rotating brush to help scrub out stains.  Of course, I knew this when I bought it, but it would've been a nice feature.", "Just received my Steamvac Jr. today and had pet stains waiting to be cleaned.  After they'd been around for a few weeks this little device didn't hold back the cleaning power.  Suction is awesome and I was so impressed I started to find things I wanted to clean...couch pillows, etc.  I just couldn't stop!  I'd recommend to anyone who's considering a handy, powerful tool of this nature.  (One note of caution...I didn't have the handles locked down all the way...my fault...and when lifting it off the counter after filling it up, it all hit the floor!!  Be aware of TWO locks, not one...)  It does come with a small bottle of cleaning agent which worked just fine but I purchased one separately anyway.  Enjoy!", "First of all, this does work and I'm happy with it.  What I'm less happy about is the potential for disaster if you aren't careful.If you get one of these, note that the solution moves from the 'clean' side of the tank to the 'dirty' side.  The dirty side is on the side with the hose attached.  So, as you use it, the weight of the solution makes the unit more suseptiable to tipping over if you pull on the hose while you are working.The result?  Disaster.  The pump quicky expells dirty solution into a pool on your carpet.  To recover, you have to right the unit and turn it off to reset the float.  This seems to take forever as you watch the yucky dirty solution disappear into the subfloor.  This happened to me on my first day of using it, which is why I only give this unit 3 stars.Some other quick gripes: unit wasn't assembled totally correctly out of the box, although it was easy to fix.  Small filling hole is a pain: take the top of the unit off and fill the tank directly.  Solution bottle is too small (think of it as a sample).  Order some quality solution when you order this unit.  Trigger to spray cleaning fluid can 'stick', so beware.Positives: Good price, simple operation, easy to access tanks, compact, and has strong suction.", "It's does not vac at all.  I am going to get a canister vac like my friends from Eurica, they worked great.  Uprights are always too loud and does not clean well.  My only good vac was the upright that's cordless.  It does not clean very well, but does the everyday job of picking up dirt.  My ex-wife got it and still using it.  I need to get one.  Wasted hundreds on Hoover and Dirt Devil's upright too.  Purchase 3 Hoover in my life time and are not happy.  3 strikes, your out Hoover.  I'll get a Eureka canister vac for sure.", "Because of the many favorable reviews I bought this little vac last week.  I also ordered the Advanced Deep Cleaner with protector and I was AMAZED with the results. I've had a beige sofa bed that was dangerously close to be thrown away like garbage after several years of all types of kid abuse. My sofa looks brand new, smells great and it's soft and fluffy.The machine is noisy, but it's not as bad as I expected. The fabric on my sofa dried up quickly because the machine sucks up till the last drop of water in it. The brush washed away even old ink stains (I soaked them in alcohol for a few minutes before cleaning)Thanks to this little wonder is cheap, easy to use and very effective.", 'I bought this machine on the recommendation of reviews from amazon. This machine does clean and cleans well. We have cat vomit, juice spills and other marks made by little children and they all got cleaned out on first try. I actually used it successfully on a mattress which had some spilled milk stains. Even the loud noise which one reviewer noted does not bother me that much--our regular Hoover vac is just as deafening.This is a SPOT cleaner, not a vacuum for general use.', "I purchased this timer to replace an earlier version of the same timer that stopped working.  I started out looking for a different brand, but this one was the lowest cost option.The pros:+  Low cost + free Amazon shipping!+  Easy installation & the dial plate fits over the existing switch opening.+  Easy to operate, with the exception noted below.+  Quiet operation... the fan noise is louder.The cons:-  No manual off?  It's odd they removed the manual off feature that we got used to on the earlier version of this timer.-  The knob is a bear to push on & just as difficult to remove!  I suggest installing & removing the knob a few times to loosen it up, before installing the timer.&#9658; Update - January 9, 2014This timer has been working perfectly since we installed it.  We still miss the manual off feature. :(", "In our condo we had these timers in two of our bathrooms and I love them. If you're like me, you can't stand the sound of the fan in the bathroom, this lets it run for however long you set it then shuts off on its own. of course you can use it for the lights too if that's what you want.So when we decided to build our house I bought three of them and I'm so glad I did :-)", "Easy to install.  Did it myself - female with VERY limited electrical experience but I am good with tools.It works.  We haven't' had it that long so I can't speak to longevity but it is currently doing what it's supposed to be doing.  It's installed in our main bathroom and it gets a lot of use.Directions were very easy to follow and it looks ok when installed. I mean it looks exactly like the picture, nothing fancy or especially decorative.We bought 3 more for other fans.", "We got these for our bathroom exhaust fans and they work just fine. I'll be sure and update if there are any problems.", 'This is a nice little wall switch timer. Easily installed in the wall switch box and operates quietly. Seems well built and 60 minutes is the perfect max. Time. Seems like China finally built something right.  So why not 5 stars?  Two reasons. First, you cant turn the dial back to off. Twist it on  for 45 minutes or so ( i can imagine a guest doing this without thinking) and its going to run for 45 minutes. The second reason, the instructions... Really, I needed a bit more information than "connect the wires here". Maybe that schematic drawing would be useful to an electrician but its hieroglyphics to me. Thank god for all the "how to" sites on the web. By the way, if you are buying one and are a homeowner like me who just wants to install it yourself., its the black wire from your romex 14 g connects to the line terminal on the switch. The other wire terminal called load continues to carry the same current by connecting a wire to it and then to your bathroom fan / light /whatever. The white wire and the green or bare wire (ground) from the romex don\'t  go to the switch at all. They both connect directly to the proper terminal or wire on your fan /light /whatever. In other words, all the timer unit does is regulate the current goes through that black wire. Yeah, you\'ll want to print this out......', 'I bought 4 of these units from Home Depot in 2005 while building a new home; I paid 15 bucks each.  I use them to automatically shut-off three bathroom fans and a laundry room fan (Broan-NuTone QTREN080 80 CFM, 0.8 Sones, Energy Star Fan).  The timer instructions and face plate say to turn the nob passed 10 minutes (at least), which I do.  They still work great after 6 years.They were easy to install.  And they shut-off the fans consistently.  No complaints.  I would purchase one of these again, if it ever failed.', "BOUGHT TWO OF THEM, ONE FOR EACH BATH SO WE DON'T HAVE TO GET OUT OF BED TO TURN THE EXAUST FAN OFF. VERY EASY TO INSTALL", "I haven't had any problems after several years with this timer however a problem with my exhaust fan it's controlling has caused concern.  You cannot manually turn this switch off.  My fan was buzzing and not turning this morning when I set the timer to 10min.  Afraid it was about to burn up, I tried to shut it off with the timer but could not.  Fortunately the fan slowly started turning and did not burn up but I will be replacing the timer asap.", "After changing out a light switch in the full bath, I discovered mold in the box (its a partition wall, wasn't from another source).  So I started using the fan, but could only run it for 10 minutes before I had to be out the door.This guy was simple to install, priced well, and now I can turn the knob to 30-40 minutes and not have to worry about it!", 'I have been using this timer for about 5 years and just purchased 3 more at the request of neighbors who wanted one for their apartments.  Mine is used to time the hot water heater for my daily shower and has more than paid for itself in savings on the electricity bill.  Previously it was necessary to manually turn on and off the heater and invariably  it remained on longer than necessary, to the detriment of my electricity bill.  The fact that I have used this timer daily for 5 years without a hitch is confirmation of its durability.  I realize that nothing last forever, but after 5 years of daily use mine shows no sign of advancing age.Timers are also available for shorter periods, but I see no benefit in buying one of them.  This timer gives me the option of a full hour, but also permits running the timer for any period less than that.If you need a timer, this is a very good choice.', "I bought this unit to replaced an old metal faced wall timer that had finally stopped working after 15 years, and I was very surprised to find the build quality was just as solid as the one it was replacing.It can be mounted in several styles of face plates so that's one less thing to worry about. The only thing to remember is that this does NOT come with a face plate so if you don't have one remember to order it as well.", 'It is particularly useful in the bathrooms to control an exhaust fan.  As soon as we moved into our latest house I put one in the Master Bath.  Now I am installing them in the other two bathrooms as well. A very simple and reliable product.  In my previous house, the one in the Master Bath there, the only one we had, lasted 15 years.', 'I used Intermatic brand for several years, bought from Homedepot, but the store changed the stock to another brand, less attractive and probably cheaper manufacturing.I did not wire the switch box to have a neutral wire, so I need mechanical (spring powered) timer and I use the timer a lot.  Mine lasted about 3 years.  This one is beginning to get stuck and not winding down to off position.  Probably the spring is getting weaker.', 'Works great for my reloading station. Each bin holds about 100 .223 or .40. I mounted mine using a din rail.', 'Fits on the wall unit well. Will hold a couple of boxes of nails with no problem. Easy to lift off and replace when necessary. Worth the price. I would recommend to others.', 'These are the same bins that came with both of my reloading presses.  I wanted a couple of extras, but for the price I just bought this six pack.  They work great for my purposes.', "Strong, stable, stackable, 'nestable' - these boxes have it all... except labels.  Would be nice if Akro included a few labels for the front... they do, but they want you to pay for them, so I'll just cut out some card stock.  These also can mount to the Akro wall-system which is nice, and may be the way I build my next garage work bench.  Currently they're sitting on the bench stacked 3 high.  I liked them so much I placed a second order!", 'I bought these storage boxes to go with my Lee Precision Turret Press. Great price and they look outstanding too! I would highly recommend these items to all my reloading buddies.', 'Yes, they are &#34;tiny&#34; for Akro bins, but that is exactly what I wanted.  Very happy with the solid construction.', 'I cannot downgrade this product for what bothers me--my brooms bang a bit when I open and close the door.  It does exactly what it is supposed to do without a lot of bells and whistles.', 'Quick and easy setup -- no installation required, even though it comes with screws. Mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary. At long last, i finally have my multitude of brooms/mops/swiffers/dusters/dust pans OFF the floor and out of the way every time i open the closet door. A great investment for an organized utility closet! Shipment was fast and product seems of good quality, nice and sturdy. I like that it is white so blends in with my white door. Highly reccommend.', "It is as expected. Fits over my indoor doors just fine. The only thing I dislike is that the brooms and such easily slam against the door when using it. But I don't think it's the products fault, that is just the way they hang.  I don't know how they would hang any differently though.", "I live in an apartment, so I wanted something that I could hang over the door instead of drilling/nailing things into the wall for me to fill later when I move out. It was really hard to find! This comes with the hardware to mount if you want to, which is nice if/when I go somewhere more permanent, but honestly, hanging it over the door is working great. Why drill holes when you don't need to? It was a little difficult getting the bracket attached to the peg part. I ended up using a hammer which caused some of the white paint to come off, but you really can't see it and it doesn't affect function. I'm happy with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone.", "I still have this on the inside of my W/D door. It's kind of awkward and moves around a bit, not a steady stable piece, but it holds the items I have hanging off them, just like the picture.", 'Was very excited to get this product--installed it IMMEDIATELY as our house really is short on storage/closet space.  I was able to get all my cleaning tools stored on it, including my steam mop!  Great product!', 'Wish this was not "assembly required" as I was not prepared to deal with drills/tools etc. Prefer already assembled options. Plus it looks cheap and ugly. Plastic end caps keep falling off, the cats love them, I do not!!', 'Great product for hanging brooms, etc.  Gave this as a gift to an elderly lady.  Works well for her.  Hard to get door closed, though.', 'What is there to say about filters. They work very good...but this is a great way to shop and you get exactly what you are looking for. So often the stores are out.', "Vacuum cleaner bag - put it in and later take it out when it is full (or nearly so). Works as it should and the cost - delivered to the door - is better than going out looking for it. I'll buy some more soon.", "Because my kids have asthma, it's important to me that my Hoover upright not be spewing dust everywhere when I vacuum, so it's worth it to go for the micro filtration bags. I've tried off-brands, including Rug Doctor, but the Hoovers seem to be more substantial and better made, so I'm sticking with them.", 'We purchased these bags for the first time in May 2001.  I installed a bag and thought it worked OK.  (I did not throw the former bags, not Hoover bags, out.)  The next time the bag needed changing the lady who cleans the house (unbeknown to us) installed the bag we had been using previously.  My wife who is very sensitive to house dust recognized the difference.  After a very short time my wife said she could smell the dust when the vacuum cleaner was in use.  I changed the bag in our vacuum back to a Hoover bag and the probem was cured.  While not very scientific, it convinced us.  I have thrown the other bags away.Additional Comment:Because of the small particles that are trapped in the bag, I take the vacuum outside to remove the filled bag.  This prevents these particles from escaping back into the air in the house.', "This will be short, it's a replacement bag for Hoover vacuums, it's OEM, it works, no manufacturing or quality issues. If your vacuum uses this size, I see no reason not to get it. As long as my self propelling Hoover continues to run, and it has been running for over a decade, I will get these replacements. Thanks to Amazon for making these so easy to acquire, would have had a hard time locally, otherwise.Please click YES if my review have been helpful to you, it will encourage me to continue writing and updating my reviews, and leave a comment if you have any questions, I will be more than happy to answer if I can be of help.", "There was a review titled &#34;Didn't Fit&#34; which stated:&#34;Be warned! If you are looking for the &#34;Type Y & Z&#34; bag for a Hoover Wind Tunnel vac, don't assume a &#34;Type Z&#34; bag will fit....it won't!&#34;I don't doubt the reviewer got a product which doesn't fit.  Maybe hoover does weird things.  I double checked, and the previous bags I used were &#34;Type Y & Z&#34; - the last one is still in the vacuum.  I replaced that one with this Type Z - fit just fine.  So, I'm not sure what happened with the poor fellow which got ones which didn't fit, but worked just fine for me.It's the genuine hoover product, not the knockoffs sold on here as well.  I figured - why bother saving fifty cents a bag or whatever, when these bags last months.  Not worth the hassle of having something not fit or work properly.", 'Received my vacuum cleaner bags earlier than expected, they were the best price anywhere and this is a great vendo!  Will come back many times.', 'What can I say they are vacuum bags!!  It really is hard to know if they do any filtering and I am not sure how one would know. They can be a little difficult to install,but that maybe a vacuum design  problem.  With cats and dogs I felt  it would be a good thing to use.', 'Worked like a charm. Was easy to replace.  The belts are quite durable as we had the last one for 4 years.', "I purchased a Hoover Wind Tunnel model UH70120 and bought these belts only because of Amazon's &#34;Frequently bought together&#34; suggestion.  THESE BELTS DO NOT FIT THIS MODEL!!!  Even after bringing this to Amazon's attention, this 'suggestion' still remains. ????????????", "There's not much to say other than it works as expected, as it should being an original part from Hoover.", 'These are an exact replacement for WindTunnel models by Hoover.  I have purchased generic in the past but the Hoover seem to last longer and are less prone to breaking.', "They fit and seem to be genuine parts.  Don't be surprised if they look a lot smaller than the one you take off, they stretch.", "There's not much to say here. I just purchased this double pack and I rarely use the vacuum, as there's only a single rug in the house. The belt fit perfectly and the brush spins as it's supposed to. I suppose I could wait a few months to see how long they keep up, but even then I'm not sure I'll have used it more than a handful of times.All in all this product does what it's supposed to.", 'Not sure what more one can say about a vacuum belt.  The technology is essentially unchanged for decades and this does the job.', 'worked great and vac is like new the vac and accesories are a good value...vac was not self-propelled and could be a problem if strenght or desterity is an issue', 'Bought when and if I need it.  You never know when a belts decides to go out and then no vacuum cleaner.  Very inconvenient.', "It is a belt for a vacumn, fits good and is just right for the vacumn.  Can't give much of a review for something like this", 'I bought it almost three years ago. The hoover turned out to be a long last machine if you take care of it properly. Just in case, have an important spare part in hand.', 'Awesome pick up power for pet hair.  Does an excellent job cleaning carpets.  I would have given it 5 stars but it overheated on the 3rd use.  I e-mailed hoover and they said to make sure  all filters are clean. I discover a filter above the dirt canister and it was clogged.  The new routine is to check that filter when dumping the canister. No overheat problems with a clean filter. The Hoover folks said that the motor needs lots of air flow to keep it cool. Really impressed with how much dirt it removes from the carpet.', 'I could ot believe it --- i NEARLY BREAK FINGERS trying to get these belts on this cleaner - always running over something that cuts the belts...and thenI saw AMAZON had the RIGHT SIZE HOOVER BELT - only I did not know it but for years have used the wrong size - this one size fits all stuff with offbeat brands because it is difficult for me to shop about to find these.I put this Hoover belt in in minutes ---- the secret to easy installatin after it is in place ready to put around the brush roll is to pull the thing down and pushed down on the left side and right side at the same time --- THEN ADJUSTING THE RIGHT SIDE ......IT TAKES STRONGER FINGERS BUT AFTER USING THESE OTHER BELTS  this was easy for I DETEST PUTTING BELTS IN THIS CLEANER --- no wonder ---- this one size fits all is not cracked up what it is said to do.So I can recommend this to those who have a Hoover Windtunnel --- I bought four of these and now watch before I turn on vacuum to be sure changing these belts is a nuisance but this Hoover I remember from the time I was a child in the 1930 time frame and prefer to a DYSON ANY DAY.Connie  the seller delivered as promised -- price is good --- AND ITS THE RIGHT SIZE', 'Last time I bought belts for my hoover they were OEM. They didnt last very long. And if you hold the OEM alongside this orginal belt there is a SIGNIFICANT difference in quality. I am sure these will last longer. Great price .. Great product .. Great Merchant.', 'Needed accessory with new vacuum, get them up front when purchasing new vacuum, installed ones working well thus far, with no issues', 'My Vacuum is a Hoover Wind Tunnel Model #45786-900I ordered these and they fit and have withstood much use (and abuse)The description could be a little more clear that the numbers are Hoover Package # 40201-160 and Hoover Part # 38528-033Hoover usually puts a sticker on their vacuums that lists the belt and filter(s) part numbers.', "good price, last a very long time unless something gets stuck and burns the belt before one can turn off motor!  That's usually when I have to replace one!", 'Will bring your vacuum back to life!  The belt was stretched on our Hoover Tempo (cheap but very good vacuum) and the brush was no longer rotating.  Put one of these new belts on & now it vacuums like new!', 'Got these for my Hoover Tempo and they fit real nice and now can vacuum again thank you will order again.', 'So much better to have a belt on hand when one breaks, rather than ordering and waiting. And they are brand name, so I know they will work.', 'They do the job, and it is nice to have a spare on hand.  A good deal for the money.', 'Hoover windtunnel  belt has been in use over 6 months with no problems, what can I say it works I would purchase again if needed.', 'These agitator belts fit and work well.  The Hoover Tempo Widepath has a lot of brushing action and tends to burn through belts fairly quickly even on low pile berber carpets.  I keep a few of these on hand to avoid the panic looking for a belt when the brush roll slows down due to a worn belt.', "GLAD I BOUGHT EXTRA WHEN I PURCHASED THE HOVER VACUUM. THE BELT IN THE VACUUM DIDN'T LAST BUT ABOUT 2 WEEKS.", 'I previously boughtHoover Tempo Widepath Upright Vacuum, Baggedabout two years ago. It stopped working one day and I took the base apart to discover a belt had broken.Seems like most people throw perfectly good vacuum away for just a broken belt, and this fixed the issue easily. Most belts wear out over time- a few-dollar fix verses throwing away an entire vacuum should be a no brainer!', 'The belts as such are excellent but the Hoover keeps killing them every few months.  My wife uses it carefully but the belt is so tightly stretched around the pegs it is bound to snap and thats what happens.  There got to be much better design.  I had to buy several belts and keep in stock but now I am really fed up with the above Hoover vacuum about this!  I have an older Hoover which has been working since 1988 without a hitch, really.  They do not make things like that any more!!!!!', 'The Hoover Belts brought new life to the vacuum cleaner as you could tell the difference after they were installed.  The packaging was more than adequate and the delivery was fast.', "It's really helpful to have these belts available, especially at the same time you buy the product. I can keep them on hand and I'll be ready if the vacuum belt in use malfunctions! Thanks!", 'Work as I had hoped - decent quality and price.  The belt seemed a bit tighter than what I had originally on my vacuum but that is okay since these do stretch.  Would order again.', "The description and Hoover's part# could be better. As another reviewer notes, 40201160 is Hoover's part# for TWO of the belts that I was trying to find using the part# in my instructions. But once I figured it all out, I got 4 for 3 (Amazon's occasional promo in housewares) plus Free Shipping so I am quite pleased that I got a good deal and didn't have to fight department store traffic.", 'This belt fit perfectly with our WindTunnel.  We started smelling a rubber burning smell and cleaned out everything we could, but it still smelled.  The new belt fixed the problem.', 'These are of the same quality that were original to the sweeper.  They tend to last around 5 years with our use and are much easier to find on Amazon than a retail outlet.', 'Bought this belt as a back up.  I bought a vacuum  at the same time and several of the reviews stated the belts broke while "breaking in" the vacuum.  So far, haven\'t needed the back up belt.', 'I feel it is proactive to get agitator belts before my new vacuum cleaner needs them.  I always have replacement belts on hand. They arrived in good shape, in a timely manner. I am saving them until needed.', "The belt in my vacuum broke and while I figured out the problem thought my vacuum was rendered useless. However, as soon as I found the broken belt, I placed the ordered, got my new belts and my vacuum was as good as new. I've used my vacuum with the replacement belt for more than a year now, so I can say they're good quality and long lasting.", 'Great price and fast delivery.  Just bought a new Hoover Air Steer Vacuum and since it runs on a belt drive system decided to buy an extra belt  just incase the present one streatches and needs replacing.  The price for these 2 was very reasonable and I sure if the original goes it will never be at a convenient time amd will take a few days to replace.', "Haven't had to replace the belts on our Hoover vacuum yet as we only recently purchased it.  If the need arises to change the belts I will update this review with useful information.", 'I ordered those belts with the Hoover Tempo Widepath Upright Vacuum,  U5140-900 because they were displayed on the website as replacement belts for this machine. What I got is two Belts in a loose paper bag, nothing that looks like the picture that I saw on the website. Did I get the write product? I am not sure.', "I just bought myself a new Hoover Windtunnel Vac and thought it would be a good idea to purchase those extra belts and filters so that when I need them I don't have to go to the store and try to find the right parts.  I ordered this 2-pack and they came quickly.  I would buy from this vendor again.", "I found that my Hoover vacuum's belt broke after only 2 months after purchase. I bought these and they seem to last longer. They are difficult to get on, because they don't stretch very well. You just have to be patient and ask someone to help you with it. But once it's on, it works well.", "I clean for a living and some vacuum belts break so easily that it's a real pain in the butt. These belts are pretty heavy duty.  I've had my vacuum for 3 and a half years now and I've only had to change the belt once.And I'm not exactly gentle with my vacuum cleaner.", "I bought this vacuum cleaner belt because I do not need it. Have you ever needed a vacuum cleaner belt? Have you ever needed one IN A HURRY? I had a Kenmore that was the best carpet vacuum I have ever seen, but the belt broke. I didn't have another. I put off looking for one. I moved to an apartment with all wood floors and discarded the Kenmore. Now I have area rugs and a Hoover that just isn't as nice and I can't find bags for it anywhere but Amazon. So I bought the bags here, and the belt too because it was inexpensive and I have bad memories of lacking the vacuum cleaner belt. So now I have this Hoover that I hate too. And if it breaks its belt, I have one on hand so I can go on hating this vacuum cleaner for ever. I even ordered a new hose for it.", "I searched for these and in my area they were hard to find in the store. I haven't used them yet as the old one isn't broke, just yet. But I felt like having them in the house before it actually broke. I'm sure they will work just fine", 'Product arrived on time and was well packaged.  I have not used the replacement belts yet, as my vacuum has not broken the one that came on the machine.  The product appears to be of good quality.', 'This works for a Hoover Widepath Tempo vacuum cleaner.Although the belt looks extremely small and too stiff to stretch, the belt will stretch easily once the belt is placed on the roller, and the long roller is used as leverage for stretching.Arrived within the time frame stated via USPS.', "These belts are just like the ones I have bought at the dealer's store.  They fit the machine just as they should.", 'Pros-Two pack of belts, good value-Useful to have a pack around if belt breaks-Normally your belt only breaks if your vacuum gets stuck on some rug or sofa clothNothing else to say really, two pack of a vacuum belt at a good price!', 'I have the Hoover Windtunnel Max vacuum cleaner and these belts fit. Buy them in advance, because my vacuum cleaner picked up a blanket and I pulled it out when the vacuum cleaner was still on. You are supposed to turn off the vacuum cleaner, then pull out the blanket. Well, that was one of the first times I vacuumed with my Hoover and it ruined the belt, and I needed a replacement right there on the spot. I had one, because I went and bought this 2-pack along with my Hoover. A good practice.', 'Great price for the belts.  It goes for the Hoover WindTunnel T-Series Pet Rewind Plus Upright Vacuum, Bagless, UH70210 which I just bought and it is good to have extra on hand.', "exact match and quality. very nice. The belts are going to last us a good while. they don't seem to go bad too often.", "I would never buy a Hoover vacuum cleaner again. Their customer service is the worst I've ever seen, there is no service near by and they expect you to pay postage if sending the big non working plastic junk to them or drive 65 miles to their service center.Never again Hoover.Do Not Recommend.", 'Glad they came packaged with the vacuum so that I have them when needed, Thinking ahead is not a bad thing.', 'I really wish the vacuum would have come with more than one of these belts.  These seem to break when I vacuum over something that gets wrapped around the agitator and then causes the belt to part.  This product was perfect for my Hoover vacuum though.  Thanks.', "It replaces the original and works as expected That's all you really need to know when making a purchase - right?", 'This belt made my vacuum good as new! No need to purchase a new vacuum anymore. Good products, thank you!', 'WOW! I fixed my vacuum once, and I will be able to fix it agin thanks to this new and improved technology of including 2 belts in the order instead of one! Shipping is basically the same so why not! Made me a fan! Thanks!', 'This is an excellent product. Sturdy,I have used it every night for at least 8 hours for the past year. It moves a large amount of air, and is very,noisy.Its electric use in minimal,which is another bonus. It is also very good for blocking out noise from neighbors.For this price, this is an excellent buy.I have never owned a better box fan, and I  have purchased literally scores through the years.', 'I got this for my sister when her fan stopped working for her. It makes her room much more comfortable for her to sleep in, thank you very much. I came very fast and she did not have to wait too long for it, only a couple of days after I ordered it.', "For some strange reason, I have a lot of trouble getting to sleep if this fan isn't on.  It doesn't matter if it's snowing outside, this fan has to be on.I have been using it for 2 years and it still works great.  I rarely use the high setting because I have a small room, but the low setting is great for sleeping because it isn't very loud.My only complaint, as will ALL fans that I've owned, are that they get dusty rather quickly and are difficult to clean.  You have to unscrew the plastic screens, wipe the fan blade, hose down the screens, and screw them pack on.", "This fan is essential for me! In the summer heat it helped keep me cool. I've actually had this one for 7months now, and had the same exact one earlier and it was perfect. Standard good fan.", "In terms of cooling ability, this fan is very good. The air flow through the fan is excellent. However, I only give this product 3 stars because the faceplate covers (front and back) are made of soft plastic. My fan arrived with parts of the front faceplate cover bent into the blades of the fan. When I turned the fan on, I heard a scratching noise which was simply the front faceplate cover hitting against the fan blades as the fan blades spun around. There are two ways to fix this problem:1. Get needle-nose pliers and straighten the bent parts of the front face-plate away from the fan blades so that they will not hit the fan blades when the fan blades spin.2. Take the front faceplate cover completely off (it is held on by 6 phillips screws). Install a thin piece of weatherstripping (same as used on windows) around the frame of the the faceplate cover. Then screw the faceplate cover back on to the fan. The thickness of the weatherstripping should be enough to prevent the faceplate cover from hitting the fan blades when you turn the fan on (you may need to use/purchase longer screws depending on the thickness of the weatherstripping). This is the resolution that I chose as opposed to returning the fan to Amazon.com.The bottom line is that this problem could be resolved if the manufacturer had used hard plastic (that doesn't bend or warp) instead of soft plastic on the front and back faceplate covers of the fan. I guess for $20, you get what you pay for so be aware of this flaw in the fan. It is very easy for the faceplate covers to become bent/warped into the blades of the fan. I consider that to be a potential safety issue with this fan but other than that - it is a good fan.", 'I bought two of these, and they are mostly used to blow air through the house on cooler days-where it is not really hot enough to fire up the AC, but too warm to just rely on a breeze.=== The Good Stuff ===* They are reasonably inexpensive, and blow a fair amount of air. I have definitely seen box fans that blow more air, but for the price, these seemed to be a very good value on a "cubic feet of airflow per dollar" basis.* I also wouldn\'t call them exceptionally quiet. The motors don\'t seem to make much noise, but there is a noticeable amount of turbulence noise from the fan blades. I don\'t really mind the noise.* There are lightweight and easy to move around the house.* My three dogs love to sleep in front of them.=== The Not-So-Good Stuff ===* The fans are fairly thin-the base is only a couple inches wide. There are little feet that are supposed to steady the fan, but they are quite easy to knock over, especially for large and clumsy dogs.* Appliance electric cords are either too long or too short. These are too short.=== Summary ===These are cheap box fans, and I found them to be quite serviceable. They could certainly be quieter, and move more air, but for $20, they work great. If you are looking for the absolute highest volume of air, or quietest fan, you can certainly get it by spending more money.', 'I bought this fan in a pinch for the summer heat and it works well enough. The small issue is that a year later the fan is making a slight noise when running. It is not the end of the world but we use the fan for noise when we sleep and it is noticeable.Otherwise the fan moves a lot of air and is otherwise nice.', 'I was sleeping with this kind of fan for years.My neighbors upstairs are super noisy so I had to switch to a heavy duty fan the Patton U2-2003.You want noise? Go with that fan.Granted the Patton is $57.00 but it sounds like a jet.The Lasko is a great little fan for the living room and kitchen areas where a little breeze is necessary.Not too expensive.Not too noisy.Good fan at a good price.Recommended.', 'We purchased two of these. They are loud, not "whisper quiet," and work well to block noise, as we live on a busy street. Both started to die around the same time, about a year after we bought them. They began making loud rattling noises to the point where we could no longer use them. Buy another brand!', "don't EVER let it fall over when running. (EASY to do) One of the blades may snag on the grille, causing it to snap off, ruining it.  This has happened 3 times with 3 different units.SUCKS!never again!", 'I am an avid shopper of Amazon, however I bought this fan in a store, because I asked the clerk to open it up and plug it in so I could test it in the store before I came home with it.I have over the past few years bought so many other useless fans, lots of noise and no air movement. The blades were wrong or the motor was a piece of dog poop.This fan is near perfect!  The three speeds are great. The motor noise is NORMAL given the amount of air this thing can move. I use mine mostly outside on the patio because I love the outdoors even on a hot day. This fan keeps me and my company super cool.I often set the fan up on a side table so is is blowing on our upper bodies rather than just our legs.We had a heat wave recently and my air conditioner in my motorhome was struggling inside, so I brought the fan inside from the patio.  It really helped cool the motorhome and keep the air conditioner from freaking out.The price is right, the fan really works, really cools. The noise is normal given the nice gale force wind you can get out of this on the high setting.My only complaint to the manufacturer is that the legs that are supposed to keep it from tipping over are ridiculous. First they need 2 on each side, not just 2 on one side. They are very small and super flimsy. Four legs about an inch or two longer would have been a huge bonus. If the fan is off and you accidentally bump it just the least little bit, BANG, it falls right over on the side that has no anti-tip legs.The fan is very light and easy to store when not in use. I am THRILLED it keeps me cool and has some great power in that little motor. Well done Lasko!', 'Replace the same model which we had used continuously for 5 years. That is saying a lot in the tropics. They are good fans. Lightweight, moves the air and reliably works.', 'I was searching for a box fan that looked reliable, and was going to push a lot of air, and not sound like a warehouse in the process! This fan really did the trick! This fan pushes a good amount of air, even on medium! And, it does not make much noise!I really love this fan, it is simple, and works great! The price rocks too! Not much else you can ask for!', "This works well if you put it in your window to pull in fresh air.  I don't think this fan works well unless you put it in a window sill or up on another surface to actually get the air flowing.  The one downside is that the fan is really unstable unless you can hook in the feet that it comes with and that can make it kind of take up a lot of space.", "I love this fan.  It blows tons of air is a a little noisy so it wouldn't be good to use if you were watching tv, but it's great for sleeping if you like the noise.  It's very easy to clean and maintain.", 'i have for over two years the lasko box fan that i use in bedroom and it works very well,but being an idiot when i came to amazon to order another one i was too lazy to look up my old order and ordered this one becuse "it looks the same".  its not.  the 3723 model from two years ago is fabulous.. really cools a mid size room.  this newer model you have to be within 2 feet to even feel any aire.  buy the 3723http://www.amazon.com/Lasko-20-Inch-Premium-Box-3-SPEED/dp/B000HHJ2I2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1344856518&sr;=8-1&keywords;=lasko+3723', 'They a very useful fan! to help move air to cool my place during the hot day of summer !', "inexpensive fan, works just fine. i bought this for white noise when i sleep, and it makes a consistent whirring sound which suits my noise needs just fine. moves air too, but since that is not what i use it for, i can not speak for it's abilities at that task.side note, the fan came packed only in it's original box, and the first one was cracked and broken. i sent it back, got another, and, and, and... the second one was broken also. it didn't affect the fan really, so i called amazon, got a 10 dollar credit, and kept it. they said they would be flagging the company, whatever that means. never a problem with returns etc at amazon. but since this is a review of the product, not the packaging, there is no star reduction.", "Pros:Moves a good amount of air, even at speed 1 setting (lowest speed).Cons:Speed 1. It's way too loud for me.  I set the fan about 8 ft away from my TV, near a sliding patio door. The TV volume had to be turned up quite a bit.", "the fan works well and it's too noisy.  i like the three speed settings.  it fits well into our small windows.", 'I\'ve had many "bottom end" Lasko\'s over the years. All basically the same.. rectangular steel box, 2 braces holding the motor (one end only) and a 5 bladed fan. The box owes its rigidity to the two plastic screen grids screwed to the front and back. All seem to have plastic "feet" to help stabilize it front-to-back so it stands better from the force of air being forced through. They typically are all 3 speed.Lasko\'s are mass produced, American-made fans retailed widely at many outlets, at least in the USA.. usually larger chains.. during warm seasons. They normally retail for $15-20 and represent excellent value at that price. If you order by mail and have to pay shipping, much value is lost. (this particular offering sells 3 units so the shipping is shared to bring the per-fan cost to around $25 each.. assuming of course you can use 3 fans)Over the years, I\'d say they average 3-6 years or more of regular use (many thousands of hours) Their mode of failure is usually shaft support failure.... they just get so they won\'t "go" when powered on. Of the many brand names I see on these box fans, I believe the Lasko is the BEST quality and longest serving.. they are designed and made in the USA.Good points*they are cheaper than virtually any other option (except a few other similar clones.. they all are basically identical.. they often are offered as "promo" or "loss leaders" at the "big box stores" for under $20 each)*barring physical damage they work quite well for many years.*they CAN move a lot of welcome cooling air!!*the most reliable of the box-fan suppliers in my experienceMinor "problems" ..*BIT loud on HIGH (not unreasonably so.. when you move this much air, it makes noise.. the fan itself is quiet)*plastic blades snaps rather abruptly if a child or whatever sticks something into the blades while its on (at least I\'ve had this happen once.. not sure if all blades are that brittle.. I snapped blades from another unit onto it and it served a long life)*the design is not "efficient" if you need truly forced air pressure due to lots of "leakage" front to back around hte blades.. Lasko makes a shrouded fan at a higher price which would be much better in that applicationLasko 20" Weather-shield W Thermo* The narrow width make them VERY prone to falling over (even with the plastic "feet" attached).. I don\'t think I have had a one that hasn\'t fallen over several times.. luckily they are rarely damaged by this. You should just plan on putting it where you can "lean" one edge of it\'s intake side against somethingI see no mention of power consumption in the product specs, but they seem to use about 90 watts (all of them have power usage tags on them. but you\'d have to have the unit to look at it) At average USA power cost (9-15 cents/kwhr) they are cheap to operate.All in all I RECOMMEND THE UNIT if you can get it for the $15-20 range (watch for sales or "loss leader" values too).It is worth noting that the above "weather-shield" thermo-controlled unit (which is a considerably better fan in construction, water resistance, and air movement).. the thermo control may be a plus to you, but I just turn it off or on as needed) is a "good value" especially if you\'re having it shipped as it is only a couple of dollars more than this one (as shipped) and includes free super-saver shipping IF YOU NEED it shipped!If you plan to use it in areas or where it will be exposed to some water now and then, you probably should go for the above-mentioned "weather shroud" unitLasko 20" Weather-shield W Thermo... made to sit in a window and survive the occasional rain storm. In that case the thermo control could be more valuable for unattended operation.', 'Nice to see Made in the USA on the outside of the Lasko 20" box the fan arrived in!Delivery was before scheduled and caught me and my two cats by suprize! Cats have nice new box to play with and I have great smooth operating and quiet cooling Lasko 20" box fan just the right size for my apartment. If you run it on the highest speed naturally it is a little louder. This fan delivers the goods,goods in this case being circulating cool air. Appreciate the prompt delivery also. You may wonder why the early review since having the fan only a couple hours,well the reason is I trust Lasko for a good product since my previous fan was a Lasko I have used for the last 10 years! Motor just wore out after good work for 10 years. Thanks Lasko!', 'Feb 2012:  My review below was before they swapped the original motor for junk while pretending the unit\'s unchanged. It only looks the same but on opening my newest for 1st periodic cleaning bits flew out that proved to be cheap plastic tie-downs that couldn\'t stand the heat and the motor windings seemed similarly downgraded.  Check the web for fire hazzard recalls.Jan 2010: To my original review which follows, I\'m just adding this note that Lasko says this model only draws[when new] 83 watts @ High, 69 @ Medium & 56 @ Low Speed. The 170 watts reported elsewhere is in error.I also note neglecting to mention my need to avoid blocking daylight as much as possable, thus clear plastic for the \'shroud\' mentioned below.With no range hood in my city apartment, I\'ve run these [at Mid Speed] virtually 24/7 in my kitchen window for decades, sucking fresh air thru the rest of the apartment while expelling  stove heat & air-borne greece, etc.I\'m comfortable with this because it\'s relativly easy to take the motor apart for a simple cleaning about once every 9 months [or so].  I\'ve also added 2 4" circular layers of the old, cheap, black, \'washable\' air-conditioner filter material between the back of the motor and the interior protective grill to lessen the amoung of gunk sucked into the motor.What with the cooking, this filter and, for esthetics, the inside grill are also removed & cleaned in the bath tub 3 or 4 times a year. The grills are a pain as soaps are only partly effective & brushes don\'t quite serve for the tiny grill opening.With all this beating, the fans have all lasted an astonishing 5yrs++ !BTW:  To deaden vibration noise, etc. I hang the fan from 2 springs at the top of the window.  I noted that with the fan running I could feel air being sucked in from outside around the sides of the fan so I\'ve made a clear plastic shroud to block these areas for greater efficiency.  I\'ve also taped bits of this plastic on the 4 corners of the inside grill wher some more air circled in & out.', "I've had this great little fan since 2000 and it still works great! I don't know if it's still in production, but it was an excellent value!December 2013 Update: This fan is still working great! I mostly put it up against my window to draw in the cool air to cool off my kitchen. Still happy with my purchase!", "I chose this rating because I bought one of these about 6 years ago and I still have it.But it seems like it is on it's last breath.So I bought 2 this time.Works great and lasts for quite sometime.I would recommend this fan to anybody.I will buy again when I need a fan.", "From now on, I'll always look for a Lasko 3733 when I need to replace a fan. I bought my first one 5 years ago and it ran 24/7 365 days a year. It took 5 years of continuous use before one of the ball bearings wore out. FIVE YEARS of 24/7/365 use! This is a superb fan!This fan is very well balanced. It never wobbles or shakes.This fan is not a quiet as I'd like, but then again, I want perfection and that's not going to happen. It  is quiet enough on the slow setting, and making a fan spin faster does nothing to move air faster (believe it or don't, this is pure physics).Cleaning of this fan is very easy. Simply remove the grill screws, then remove the grills. Then unscrew the blade holder, and pull the blades off the spindle. Wash in hot, soapy water. Replace everything, then turn it on so that it drys itself.", 'I own three of these MODEL 3733..Two of them run nearly 24/7 during the long hot Vegas summer..I purchased them at walgreens for much less...I read the one star reviews and decided to write a review...Pros--With minimal care, they run (for me) 4 years nearly non stop...They are inexpensive...They STONGLY blow air...my model has three speeds. The low speed is fairly quiet and still moves plenty of air, nice for winter months...On high they move alot of air and are loud and block all noise. Good for condos or townhomes and for bad sleepers that need loud white noise to sleep...They are inexpensive to run. About 50 cents for 24 hours of use..they are light weight.. If I tilt it just right it will turn my ceiling fan that is 6ft away, slowly, but OMG for free....CONS----They must lean against something, like door way or wall..The stand is not strong enough to hold them up on high speed and short cord....I could not get through a summer without this product and A/C.......and three ceiling fans...and a fan on that hot a*s 52 inch plasma and smaller fans for windows------UPDATE-------I PURCHASED MY FANS YEARS AGO...I SAW THE FAN LASKO IS SELLING NOW AT MY LOCAL WALGREENS...SAME BOX, SAME STYLE  BUT SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT, SMALLER. NOT THE SAME AS THE THREE I PURCHASED YEARS AGO....HAS THE SAME MODEL NUMBER....IM AT A LOSS BUT VERY HAPPY WITH MY FANS...', "This three speed box fan by Lasko is exactly the way it is advertised here. It comes already assembled so setup is a breeze--just remove it from the box, set it up on a table and turn it on! The three speeds all operate relatively quietly and the fan gets the air circulating rather quickly.The price is right for what you get: it works strong and hard to create good air flow. The box fan also cools the room down on days when you can't use an air conditioner or when you simply don't want to use one. Moreover, like other reviewers have noted, it blocks out sounds and it's even nice to have it on while I'm sleeping!I recommend that the fan stand on a flat surface about three or four feet high so that the air current it creates reaches you whether you're lying down or walking around the room. It is economical in that it won't make your electric bill spike upward, too.Overall, this is a great fan and I highly recommend it as one of the best fans out there in this size and price range. It will not disappoint you!", 'The Lasko fans I\'ve used in past were good products... not so with this one.While its reasonably constructed and moves air as you would expect, the speed range is seriously flawed.The slow speed is about the same as medium or high for other fans. The slowest speed makes a quite noticeable (and objectionable to me) amount of noise, and moves more air than needed for that speed IMO. Medium and high are a little faster and noisier, and somewhat redundant.Noise is very subjective so the best I can think of to get my point across is that if you were in a room talking to someone, and this fan was then turned on and set to slow speed, you would need to raise your voice to be heard.My Lasko Wind Machine 20" has a relatively silent slow speed compared to this one.I had bought a stack of them, one for each house occupant\'s bedroom window. As it turns out I will return them all except for the one I opened which will be used downstairs. I\'ll be searching for another brand of fan that lets you choose quietness when you want it over maximum airflow. Frankly I can\'t believe they sent this product to market. Apparently Lasko DOES make a bad product sometimes.If you want a quiet fan, this isn\'t it. Don\'t buy it.', "My concern while purchasing this fan was air flow.  Needed a substitute air conditioner for the summertime.  Needed something that could create alot of air movement to suck in the cool air at night, and something that could be aimed at me could cool me off during the day, and this fan achieves that for it's lower price.  Box fans are great, place then in a window and they'll cool a room down in no time.  It is not a quiet fan like the ultra quiets on the market today but it is not as loud as those turbo jet fans.  It has a normal good size fan noise that I don't find irritating.  Other than that, you really don't need the foot attachments.  I placed on the desk, turned on high and it did not fall over.  So, to conclude it is a good solid fan for a reasonable price when your main concern is air flow.", 'This review is for: Lasko 3733 20" Box FanHow on earth do you choose a box fan? Well really they mostly choose us don\'t they, we choose the first box we see. The product descriptions aren\'t much help, they mostly all say they are quiet, powerful, low cost to operate, etc. Are they really all that different from each other?When looking for a replacement fan I found 2 of our fans were recalled in 2005 for fire hazard, so now I am replacing 3 fans. I guess in-plug mini-fuses became universal for a reason. Let\'s get started...The 20" box fans we\'ll compare are:A - Aerospeed BX100B - Holmes HBF2002AC - Kenmore 32002D - Lasko 3720E - Lasko 3721F - Lasko 3723G - Lasko 3733H - Lasko B20201DESIGN AND DETAILS:---------------------All have white fans and grills, gray enclosures, 245-260 square inch areas the blades pass through, and 70"-73" cords.A - Aerospeed BX100- Wavy grill (BX200/BX400 have other grills).- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- Little smaller enclosure (you wouldn\'t notice unless side-by-side), though the blades pass through an area near to the highest square inches of the bunch.- The in-plug mini-fuse is easily replaceable if it blows.B - Holmes HBF2002A (Target)- Simple grid grill, blades have circle connecting them.- Fan speed dial and plug connection are on the MIDDLE OF THE BACK. This is not ideal if bringing air into the house from a window and not an attractive option when exhausting out.- The in-plug mini-fuse is easily replaceable if it blows.- Looks exactly like the Kenmore 32002.- NEGATIVE: At top speed it vibrates like crazy, enough to move itself.C - Kenmore 32002 (Sears/Kmart)- Simple grid grill, blades have circle connecting them.- Fan speed dial and plug connection are on the MIDDLE OF THE BACK. This is not ideal if bringing air into the house from a window and not an attractive option when exhausting out.- The in-plug mini-fuse is easily replaceable if it blows.- Looks exactly like Holmes HBF2002A.D - Lasko 3720- Circular grill, blue logo on the front, blue speed dial.- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- Lasko promotes this as their fan of choice to PUT IN A WINDOW because it is more RAIN RESISTANT (not weatherproof).- All Lasko in-plug mini-fuses are not replaceable.- This is a wider (4 3/4") and thus fairly STABLE fan enclosure compared to some of their models.- Should be mostly the same as 3721, except this has the blue logo.E - Lasko 3721- Circular grill, blue speed dial.- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- Lasko promotes this as their fan of choice to PUT IN A WINDOW because it is more RAIN RESISTANT (not weatherproof).- All Lasko in-plug mini-fuses are not replaceable.- This is a wider (4 3/4") and thus fairly STABLE fan enclosure compared to some of their models.- Should be mostly the same as 3720, except no blue logo.F - Lasko 3723- Circular grill, blue speed dial.- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- Although it physically LOOKS LIKE one, this is NOT one of the rain resistant ones like the 3270/3721 (larger size, blue dial, etc.).- All Lasko in-plug mini-fuses are not replaceable.- This is a wider (4 3/4") and thus fairly STABLE fan enclosure compared to some of their models.- LOOKS just like the 3721, larger enclosure and no blue logo.  But again not a rain resistant model.- NEGATIVE: Rattles a little at all speedsG - Lasko 3733- Simple grid grill.- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- All Lasko in-plug mini-fuses are not replaceable.- NEGATIVE: Shakes a lot at settings 2&3.- NEGATIVE: Listeners thought the hum tone was more annoying than the others.H - Lasko B20201- Simple grid grill.- Fan speed dial is on TOP.- All Lasko in-plug mini-fuses are not replaceable.- NEGATIVE: LOUD at highest setting, listeners thought annoyingly so.- NEGATIVE: Little more of an airplane hum/whine sound."(yelling over a fan) THEY SAY THEY ARE ALL QUIET!"aka NOISE:-----------First some things that may help you get more out of this section on noise..- It takes +10dBA to be perceived as a doubling in LOUDNESS.- It takes just under +6dBA (5.85dBA) to be perceived as 50% (half-again) LOUDER.- It takes just over +3dBA (3.22dBA) to be perceived as 25% (quarter-again) LOUDER.(Note: When you read that +3dBA roughly doubles "sound pressure" that\'s different than perceived loudness)Most sounds 50dbA on up have more of a potential to annoy, for example when while trying to talk, and especially starting at 55dbA (highly subjective, but gives you an idea).Okay, now onto the comparison..SUBJECTIVELY listeners liked the WHOOSH of air sound much more than that of the HUM of a rotating object. I noted next to the fan descriptions above which ones listeners felt had a sound they didn\'t like as much, regardless of loudness.(A)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............48dBA.......45dBA.......43dBA2.............55dBA.......52dBA.......49dBA3.............64dBA.......60dBA.......57dBA(B)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............59dBA.......55dBA.......52dBA2.............63dBA.......60dBA.......57dBA3.............66dBA.......63dBA.......60dBA(C)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............58dBA.......54dBA.......51dBA2.............62dBA.......60dBA.......56dBA3.............66dBA.......63dBA.......60dBA(D)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............55dBA.......51dBA.......48dBA2.............62dBA.......58dBA.......55dBA3.............66dBA.......63dBA.......60dBA(E)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............55dBA.......51dBA.......48dBA2.............62dBA.......59dBA.......56dBA3.............68dBA.......65dBA.......62dBA(F)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............56dBA.......51dBA.......49dBA2.............62dBA.......58dBA.......56dBA3.............67dBA.......63dBA.......61dBA(G)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............60dBA.......55dBA.......52dBA2.............66dBA.......62dBA.......59dBA3.............70dBA.......66dBA.......63dBA(H)Setting.....2\' away.....5\' away....10\' away1.............63dBA.......59dBA.......57dBA2.............68dBA.......64dBA.......61dBA3.............71dBA.......67dBA.......65dBAPOWER USAGE:--------------We see below that the difference in yearly electrical cost is fairly small, and of course much less than air conditioning. If a little additional on-going expense for a fan makes this much less costly alternative to air conditioning more palatable, then that\'s probably a good investment.However, being green is an important factor for some folks, so here below is a comparison in electricity usage I measured.(A)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............45W......$4.902.............55W......$5.903.............68W......$7.30(B)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............52W......$5.602.............61W......$6.603.............70W......$7.60(C)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............49W......$5.302.............60W......$6.503.............68W......$7.30(D)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............74W......$8.102.............92W......$9.903............110W.....$11.90(E)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............74W......$8.102.............95W.....$10.303............111W.....$12.00(F)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............71W......$7.702.............90W......$9.703............105W.....$11.30(G)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............58W......$6.302.............67W......$7.203.............84W......$9.10(H)Setting.....Watts.....Annual Cost 12hrs/d 90d/yr 10cents/kWH1.............60W......$6.502.............66W......$7.103.............83W......$9.00AIR VELOCITY:--------------The 5\' and 10\' were measured straight ahead from fans. The fan surface measurement was done roughly 1/2 way up the fan blades right against the grill.On fan surface air velocity half-way up a blade at one point is, of course, just a sample point, and air velocity at a distance can be greatly affected by the degree of focus/dispersal.  Nevertheless, I hope this air velocity info helps us get a better sense for the differences between the fans.(A)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................5.7mph......2.3mph......1.6mph2................7.1mph......3.1mph......2.1mph3...............10.6mph......4.6mph......2.6mph(B)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................7.7mph......3.2mph......1.6mph2................9.5mph......3.9mph......2.0mph3...............11.2mph......4.2mph......2.1mph(C)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................7.7mph......3.6mph......2.1mph2................9.8mph......4.6mph......2.6mph3...............10.4mph......5.2mph......2.9mph(D)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................8.0mph......3.1mph......2.4mph2...............10.6mph......4.6mph......2.7mph3...............13.1mph......5.0mph......2.9mph(E)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................7.8mph......3.6mph......2.0mph2...............10.5mph......4.5mph......2.6mph3...............13.2mph......6.2mph......3.0mph(F)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................8.2mph......2.8mph......1.9mph2...............10.6mph......4.1mph......2.6mph3...............12.6mph......5.0mph......3.4mph(G)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................6.8mph......3.0mph......1.6mph2................8.9mph......3.7mph......2.0mph3...............10.9mph......4.6mph......3.5mph(H)Setting.....Fan_Surface.....5\' away....10\' away1................9.4mph......2.9mph......2.3mph2...............11.6mph......4.6mph......3.2mph3...............13.3mph......4.9mph......3.9mphSELECTING A FAN:------------------I removed these fans for excessive shaking, rattling, noise, and/or hum/whine: (B)Holmes,(F)3723,(G)3733,(H)B20201.I then removed one fan for the center placement of dial and plug connection due to non-ideal position for window placement: (C)Kenmore.This leaves these to choose from:(A) Aerospeed BX100(D) Lasko 3720(E) Lasko 3721Some other little Aerospeed BX100 (Fan A) comparative details:- Option of lowest air velocity and noise would be of interest if someone will be very near.- Replaceable in-plug fuse in case it blows, the Lasko ones aren\'t replaceable.- Classic all-white front if you prefer that (like 3721 but not like 3720 with its blue logo).- The option of a little quieter at the very low end of the loudness range.- Lower electricity usage.Lasko 3720 and 3721 (Fans D&E;) for their part give the option of a little more air velocity at the very high end of the velocity range.The Lasko 3720 and 3721 also look a bit different than the Aerospeed BX100, so looks may be another deciding factor for you.Note that for any given loudness or air velocity they overlap in, these models have very similar sound/velocity profiles. That is, when comparing points where air velocities are roughly equal for the fans (at the same distances), the loudness difference is so small I can hardly tell which is louder and the numbers support that.So there it is, my favorite three and some ways to compare them.SUMMARY:----------In the end these are just classic 20" box fans which are more similar than they are different. Hopefully whichever you choose won\'t be a lemon and will work for many years. Perhaps somewhere above you\'ll find information you can use to choose the best fan to meet your needs.Whatever you get, if it rattles, shakes like crazy, makes an annoying hum, etc., try exchanging it for another, don\'t settle, there are less annoying fans out there and you\'ll be listening to them for many years to come.I hope this helps someone :).SHOPPING NOTE:----------------Millions of 20" box fans are sold in the U.S. every year. Review sites cannot get anywhere near a statistically valid user sample, so although we learn from comments about DEFECTS and EARLY FAILURE, I suggest not filtering out a model based entirely on them.There are also old reviews that have already been acted on by manufacturers to improve the product or fix a description, thus the review may no longer be accurate.That said, defect and early failure comments with details are great for FEEDBACK TO THE MANUFACTURER (or author) and to help us all much more quickly SPOT SIMILAR ISSUES and thus get an exchange while it is quick and easy to do. Again though, I wouldn\'t use them to filter out a model entirely.', 'I went out to my local Lowe\'s today and bought a few fan to test out.  They had this exact same model and contrary to what people are saying here, it DOES NOT move a large volume of air.I\'m not saying that people here are lying or work for Lasko, but maybe they have just never had 3 diff models to test side by side.  At the local store, they had the CFM ratings of each fan but this model wasn\'t listed, nor was any CFM rating found on the box.  It\'s CFM rating is probably low so the Lasko probably doesn\'t want to advertise it.Of the 3 models I tested, I kept the Feature Comforts model which moves about 3000 CFM of air.  I live in a 4000 sq ft home and bought these to flush out the hot air when I get home from work so I can cool the house w/AC faster.  I tested the fans by setting them up in the windows on the same wall and stepped back from the windows as far as I could till I could no longer feel the air being moved by each fan.The Lasko model pushed air about 7ft till I could no longer feel anything.  The Feature Comforts model pushed the air 29ft.  The Feature Comforts model also had the most uniform airflow w/o any "dead spots" near the center of the airstream.I would advise anyone to goto your local store and try the same, it costed me less than $70 to try the models I was interested in.  The only problem is the hassle of boxing up the ones that didn\'t perform well and the cost of gas for returning it.The Feature Comforts model number is 184705 and is an 18" fan.  It\'s amazing that it can push 4x more air than the 20" Lasko model.  Unfortunately, it\'s not on their website but it is available locally for only $24.Hopefully, Lasko will read this review and improve their fans and have an indepedent lab rate its CFM and put it on the box for educated consumers.', "I just bought one of these from Target. This fan is LOUD and makes waaay too much noise.  Even at the lowest setting, this fan sounds like an airplane is getting ready to take off.  I'm not exagerating.This fan is LOUD !!!  Forget about sleeping with this fan on at night.  I am even worried the neighbors can hear it at night.The noise is awful --  and a bad surprise when you need to use it. My parents always had a couple of these box fans around and they never made anywhere near this kind of noise.  The construction is all plastic.  They dont make them like they used to.I dont get it -- the electric fan technology has been around since 1900 --why is the product getting worse and more expensive ???Save your money and buy something else.", "I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years. It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn. The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt. I wash them down each year and they are like new. The fans I have now are on their third barn year. In a normal house I'm sure they would last forever. They are a little noisy, but the horses don't care.", "MOST PLEASANT WHITE NOISE: As an avid  white noise enthusiast, this is the best sounding fan I've ever come across. The fan is surprisingly quiet for its size and power, and the sound generated is pleasant, continuous/homogenous (no gaps/changes), and despite being subject to incessant physical abuse, the fan never developed any rhythmic  sound (clicking etc.)  that most used fans are infamous for.POWERFUL:Used this for the whole summer, and even at the lowest setting and on hot days, you have to keep the fan a good 10 feet away from yourself in order not to feel cold, actually a lower setting than the 1st could have been useful.LIGHTWEIGHT: Very easy to move around with one hand, even for a small-framed person.DURABLE: As mentioned above, I dropped this fan numerous times (not because it's not stable, it's near impossible to accidentally drop the fan backwards actually,  but b/c of my tendency to use it at weird angles without stable support underneath).Was concerned at first while buying this because of the low price, but it proved much better than way more expensive fans (all-metal, etc) I have used so far.", "This is a fine, basic box fan.  I don't want the fan to be too quiet, and this one isn't.  The low is low, and the high blocks out other noises. I use the fan both to move air into the house and to block out white noise, and this one does the trick.But it's a basic box fan.  There is no thermostat. The three modes are not particularly 'whisper quiet', as I've heard other box fans quieter and less powerful.There's a knob on the top with three speeds and two plastic feet to help keep it from falling over.That's all.Which is exactly what I needed, for about the cheapest price I could find here on Amazon.It's just not really what the description notes.", "Mine arrived crushed because there's no package padding (should be double boxed).  I fixed it myself because I didn't want to return it, by bending it back into shape (it's sort of flimsy, so it wasn't hard).  But, it's too loud for the bedroom even on low.  And, it smells of an oil/electrical smell when it is turned on, yuck.  I have it turned on outside to try to work out the smell (no, it's not rubbing or smoking or anything).I'm trying to replace a Holmes box fan that burnt out after years of use.  The Holmes was extremely quiet on low, and had the added benefit of a rotatable angled vent that could blow diagonally from the window into the room at the side.  Sadly I can't find a direct replacement for my old fan, and this one isn't going to fit the bill.", 'I use these to pull in cooler air inside in the summer and this does the job but was poorly packaged and on of the small legs on the side broke when shipped.', "Our air conditioning went out on the hottest day of the year so far. So we bought a few fans so we could survive until we could get someone to fix the problem. This fan is good for putting in front of a window to draw in cool air. It is effective for that purpose and does seem to keep a room cooler. As far as this having 3 quiet speeds I'd have to say that is not quite accurate. It is not a silent fan as it does make some noise. But for the price it does a good job. One thing however is that this fan scares my cats. It might take some time for your animals to get used to the noise.~The Rebecca Review", 'BUYER BEWARE!!!!I bought a 2 pack of these.  When the fans arrived the grills on the fans had obviously been stored in a very hot place because they had melted a little and rubbed on the blades when the fans were turned on.  I would not recommend purchasing these fans.Signed,Not Happy', "This fan is perfect for cooling down my room at night. It is pretty quiet on the lowest setting and still moves a lot of air. It's not that loud on the highest setting but it's loud enough that I wont forget that it is on, and I will usually turn it down after my room cools off a bit.", "I love this fan. We bought it years ago and have never had a problem with it. It's pretty simple to figure out. It has three settings: High, medium, low. This is great to put in a window to circulate some fresh air. It runs pretty quietly on the low and medium settings but can get a little loud on high (which is kind of expected).Overall, this is a purchase I have not regretted. I would recommend this to anyone who needs a durable fan. You could probably find it a lot cheaper in a local store. I got mine at Dollar General.", "For years, hubby and I have bought Lasko fans to keep in our bedroom.  This is our third one.We use it to keep the air circulating and for the white noise to help me sleep.None of the three that we've owned have had any whining, squeaking, rattling or weird noises.  Just a nice, smooth hum.It does blow hard.The first one died because I let it get too dusty.  The second one lasted for 7 years and I only replaced it because my son needed a fan and I wanted a shiny new one for myself.", "I have been sleeping with a box fan in my bedroom  year round for many, many years and have owned several different models but this one tops them all. I can turn up my thermostat in the summer and still stay cool and comfy, in the winter it helps  circulate the warm air in the house. I have a teenage son at home and when he has friends who sleep over they can be a bit noisy sometimes. However, with my Lasko fan turned on the number 2 setting I don't hear them and my son's bedroom is right across the hall from mine. This being said, if you are looking for a quiet fan then I suggest you buy another brand. However, if you want to lower your electric bill and block out noise then this is the one to buy. You can't go wrong with this Lesko!! I reccomend it highly!", "I've been using this fan for 3 summers now.  It's pretty powerful and very very lightweight.  The grating prevents most objects from poking into fan blades (especially when you have a toddler around).  Fingers seem to be safe with the small diameter and distances of the grills from the fan blades.", "This box fan is a good product. Has to plastic pieces that you attach to help it stand up. Note if you don't put them on the fan will fall over on high speed sitting and you have a 50 50 chance it will fall over on medium speed. Works great and moves alot of air.", "I bought an original one of these when they first came out (maybe 8-10 years??) and it is, so far, working fine.  This second one is much louder than my first, but it produces so much air and is so easy to clean, I don't mind it.  Am thinking of getting a third one.", 'This fan has saved us on really hot days in a 2-story house with no A/C! It blows at high speeds and can fit in a window sill. I ended up getting another one because it works so great. I highly recommend this one!', "It's a fan...does a fan need a review?  It works.  It moves air around just fine, though it is somewhat noisy because its a box fan.", "I, like many people, have become accustomed to having a fan on when I sleep. I have had a few other fans and most have not lasted. I bought two of these a few years ago and both are working like new. I use mine and my son uses his, every night on low when we sleep. All three settings work and the fan is as quiet as a fan rapidly moving air can be. According to my kill-a-watt, this costs me approximately 11 cents to run for 24 period on low. You can calculate more from there if you would like. My fans don't go into windows so they haven't seen a lot of moisture and i do clean them semi-annually. The only problem is like all my other fans, the legs that keep them upright on high broke long ago. I would recommend them as they run well and have pasted the test of time in my home.", 'Whoever wrote the product description and used the term "Whisper Quiet" must have previously worked in the Boeing factory and had their hearing damaged! However, that being said don\'t be fooled by any fan marketing - no decent ones are going to quiet, by virtue of what they have to do - shifting large volumes of air mechanically is a noisy business!This is a great cheap fan from Lasko which really does what it is designed to do - move air.Open the box, snap on the plastic feet to make it stand up, plug into the wall and away you go. It has 3 speeds, selected with a knob on top, and really does shift the air, even on setting 1. Crank it up to 3 and the really noisy fun starts.We have a few of these which we move around the house as they are so light - there\'s nothing to them other than a motor with blades in a case. One in the basement has run 24/7 for months on end so far to circulate the air, with no issues.Another one I use specifically to blow air into the side of my tower to keep my old computer cool in this heatwave. It works a treat - and, unbelievably, it\'s quieter than the PSU fans which now don\'t even bother to kick in!Overall this is a great, cheap, simple fan that is well worth the money, and is widely available at many supermarkets and home improvement stores too at very competitive prices.Highly recommended', 'I have had my WM 6qt for 11 months. The ice cream was great but the motor has stopped working. BE AWARE THAT AMAZON only warranties this product for 30 days. The manufactures warranty for the motor is one year. I now have to go to the hassle of contacting White Mountain and securing service for a product that they did not sell to me. I anticipate issues. For a unit that cost this much the seller should back it for the indicated periods.White Mt was very easy to deal with and did replace the motor. I only gope is that it last longer. Great Ice Cream.', 'I was considering buying the once reputable White Mountain Electric Ice Cream Freezer until I noticed all the dissatisfied buyers who purchased from 2009 to present!  From 2009 to present not a single review is positive as all have stated that the machines broke down.  They are now MADE IN CHINA and JUNK!!!!!!!!', "We purchased this unit after our less expensive Rival ice cream maker died during the third use.  I wasn's thrilled about having to buy another Rival product, but this ice cream maker is so far above others we've used that I can recommend it to anyone who has the $$ to buy it. All metal parts, including the motor, are of heavy steel.  The dashed is metal with removable wooden slats for easy clean up.  It seems to be a bit quieter than most models and turns out a generous six quarts of ice cream.  Now instead of eating the whole batch in a day, a batch will last a couple of days.  The motor speed turns the cylinder faster than most of the models that seem to grind on and on.  This gives a smoother, well-mixed ice cream.  We'll use it year-round, setting it in the kitchen sink while it runs to catch the overflow of ice/salt mixture.", 'We have tested this Ice Cream Freezer well... we\'ve made no less than two kinds of ice cream every weekend since it arrived... about a month now. It definitely surpasses our old one for speed of freezing, and keeping the cream mixed with the special dual action paddle.It is very loud, but I use ours on an enclosed porch so it helps to keep the noise down.I have had the issue that other reviewers have with the "black" around the top of lid (it\'s where the lid grinds against the canister while churning).All in all though we are very happy with it, can\'t wait for black raspberries to come in season... it\'s a favorite. But we\'ve done chocolate, vanilla (3 x\'s), butter pecan, peanut butter (2 x\'s), and teaberry/wintergreen. Recipes in the book are few but the internet provides many to choose from, I\'ve taken several and tweeked them to suit us then added them to my files, the peanut butter has gone over very well, add hot fudge and it\'s just like eating frozen reese\'s cups!I very much recommend this item over other brands, you can\'t beat the creaminess of the special paddle that double churns the mix.Update 2011...By the end of last year my husband had to put the motor back together (it literally fell apart when taking off the canister), thank goodness he\'s very \'handy\'. But the tub is rusting quite badly (the bands that hold the wood together, the lock to hold the motor on) even with cleaning after each use, the inside canister is still looking good. I waited to amend the review until we tried to use again after repair. It does work, just sounds different. It always did have a loud sound to it but now it\'s different. I must admit I was disappointed, my parents bought White Mountain and it lasted through my childhood, my father says it\'s still there, just in the attic so he\'s not sure of the shape it\'s in, their\'s was hand crank. I\'m told White Mountain was bought out by Rival so be wary that it may no longer be worth the price they are asking for, it is no longer the same quality as before. Hoping to get a few more years from it, I guess time will tell.', "This is the real thing! I have tried other ice cream makers and this thing worked flawlessly out of the box and makes real ice cream even in a hot and humid environment with ambient temperatures of about 33 degrees Celsius and  85% humidity in a RESTAURANT kitchen and I have been using this everyday to make at least 2 or 3 batches everyday!Would definitely recommend it. A durable item that holds up in today's disposable times. A bit on the loud side as in other reviews but in a restaurant kitchen, who cares as long as it does the job reliably!", "My father has had one of these ice cream maker for about 25 years, I got mine about 10 years ago, and just got one for my son & his wife.  After trying some of the 'cheaper' models, I went with what my Dad had and it has worked like a charm.  It has never given me a bad batch of ice cream, and we make it all summer long.  The only thing that I've found with any homemade ice cream is to let it 'sit' for about 30 minutes after the churning is done.  It has a chance to harden up, and the kids always like having the dasher for a pre-taste!I don't think you'll ever find a better ice cream maker - and I hope you enjoy yours as much as my family has ours!", "I didn't fully realize how nice this peeler is until I was at my mother's over Christmas and tried to use two of hers.  They were slippery, dull, and they HURT to use!  I had never understood that one peeler really could be better than another before that.This peeler is comfortable to hold, even at the end of a big job like peeling apples for a pie or potatoes for Thanksgiving dinner. It is sharp, so you don't have to use a lot of pressure, which also helps decrease hand fatigue.  All-in-all, a good product.** Update 8/18/11: I'm back to purchase two of these as stocking stuffers for my mother. No excuses -- now she can throw out those peelers that have been hanging around since I was a kid. . .", 'Sharp peeler, owned one for more than 2 years. It has a big and non slip handle that makes it easy to grasp.', 'This is sharp, and therefore effective... but its designed with a bar going from the handle to the tip (for stability?) When shredding, food gets caught in the small space between the bar and the blades.It works well, but could be faster without having to stop every few swipes to get food unlodged.', 'I ave been using these peelers for about 10 years now, they last about 4 years and work better then most. With reasonable care they last well and hold their edge, the steel seems to better grade then most. Only drawback is since its so sharp you need to watch peeling yur knuckle by accident', "Like all OXO products, it's well made and does the job it's intended to do.", "Works well, especially needed now that I'm getting some arthritis in my hands.  Works as it should.  OXO products are pretty darn good, overall.", 'I bought this peeler years ago and didn\'t think much of a peeler.  I had issues with the handle sliding back occasionally while using, handle filling with water and getting smelly and peels getting stuck in the "D" design, making it a bit annoying to clean. The handle being fat, to me, is clumsy to use and takes up too much space in the drawer. I really had to push hard to get the fat plastic eye remover to dig into the potato.One day it was missing, never to be found again.  I knew I wasn\'t going to order that one again and I found the Rada peeler for about the same price.  The blade is stainless steel, super sharp (Sharper than the OXO), the eye remover is fantastic, the handle is small and light aluminum.  I find because it is not so bulky, the work is much lighter and quicker.  It looks much better, is way easer to clean, and takes up practically no space in the drawer.', 'I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers.  It is much easier to hold.  It is great for carrots, potatoes, chocolate for fondue, etc.', "My wife's nascent arthritis can make it hard for her to grip small handles, but she LOVES to cook.  The OXO products make her very happy.", "Its great blade and handle makes for fast peeling jobs.  Only thing would be: I wish the peels didn't hang on to the end once peeled off.", 'nice sharp peeler, good grip decent value for your money. I like OXO products as a rule, it is a good quality item', "This peeler is very well made. Comfortable handle makes peeling much faster and easier.I've had mine for years, peeling it way from potatoes and apples to oranges and carrots.It's lasted me a long time with frequent, consistent use and it still looks a brand new.It hasn't gone dull on me either,so I consider it one of the most efficient and practical purchases in my kitchen.I recommend it highly,no doubt anyone will love it.", "I love this peeler!  I had one just like it for many years (until I somehow lost it!) and it worked perfectly EVERY time.  I couldn't remember where I bought it and couldn't find another one in any stores - until I finally looked on Amazon.  Thank you, Amazon!  Not only is the gripper handle perfect, the blade works as it should.  I purchased a couple other peelers during my quest and I was very disappointed.  Their blades kept slipping over the vegetables without cutting.  Very frustrating.  I even tried a kitchen Aid brand and hated it.  So save yourself the frustration and the tired hands and just buy this one!", "I bought one for my mother some years ago due to her arthritis. It worked for her. I bought one for myself and then for all my family members. I don't wish to spend much of my life peeling veggies, but when I do it has to be this product. The soft grip is very helpful in avoiding discomfort, fatigue, and pain.", 'I just recently purchased this item so I may not be the best reviewer of this item, but so far it works very well.  It is the best peeler I have used and it does the job really well.  No complaints so far.  If I find anything wrong, I will update my review.  I would recommend this item.', "Sturdy, sharp - does the job!  I hate cheap peelers this has lasted months and doesn't show signs of wear.", 'It was becoming increasingly more difficult for me to use my old peeler due to arthritis.  The grip on this one is large enough and soft enough to make it easy for me to hold and use!  A bit pricey, but worth it for me.', 'As with all OXO Good Grips products, the handle on this peeler is great.  The blade, however, is less than 2 inches long, making it very difficult to peel rounded items like potatoes, though it does work well on long thin produce such as carrots or cucumbers.  Another problem is that the tip of the peeler is rounded and has a rubber coating, rather than the pointed corer found on most peelers.  In short, this peeler is a nonstarter if you are looking to peel potatoes.', "This is a wonderful peeler. I finally had to replace my old Ecko stainless steel peeler which I had used for over 30 years and I still have. However, I needed a more ergonomic type of handle. I tried other peelers with comfort-grip type handles, but they were never sharp enough to do the job quickly. I've been using this peeler for at least 3 or 4 years and it still works great. You can't go wrong with this tool.", "My husband got fed up with the cheap vegetable peeler I got at a discount store so I purchased this one. Wish I got it sooner. It is so easy to handle and wash and can even peel mangoes!  The blade is sharp and doesn't shift out of place. Highly recommended!", "My mom has shaky hands and this works great for her. She uses it on oranges, and takes out the seeds with the little scoop at the tip too. Removes 'eyes' on potatoes too.", "This works so well...leaves my old all-metal one in it's dust!  Careful...sharp and quick...a bit bulky for hanging against a wall, but easy to find in a drawer...", 'I bought this quality peeler because the three stainless steel peelers that we have are becoming corroded and are not the quality of our new OXO peeler. This peeler is a great purchase!', "I wish I had years of experience with other peelers to write a comparative review, but I'm just a college student starting out. I've been using this peeler for a year and I love it - easy to use, staying sharp (I use it on carrots and potatoes several times per month).I wash it after use and dry with a paper towel; no rust at all. Today buying another one as a gift to my mom :)", "OXO has won me over on everything I've purchased and have quite a collection.  So much easier to hold; peeling edges are sharp and have bought one for both daughters to use.  Always hand wash.", 'Just like the last post, We had one of these for years. Ours too suddenly disappeared without a trace!  How wierd!Anyway, I went to my local walmart and they did not have this same model, so i settled for what they had in stock. Needless to say, I returned that piece of junk the next day, got a refund. And found one of these at another local store!  I couldnt believe what i had taken for granted in this potato peeler!It is still very sharp after years of use, the handle is very comfortable and the swivel on the blade works perfectly.I dont know what the diff is between this model and the $12 model also made by Oxo, but this one is fantastic!You will get years of use out of this peeler, untill maybe the aliens decide to snatch yours too!', 'This is a great peeler it is sturdy and peels fruits and veggies. I look forward to adding to my kitchen through more products from OXO', 'Good grip, though the edge should be sharper.  Takes more effort to peel with this peeler than some others, though the grip is secure and good hand feel.  If you do not like to peel anything, this peeler is acceptable, though not superior.', 'this new addition to my kitchen is now making life so smooth ;)!it has actually encouraged me to add carrots to more of my cooking since it takes a mere few seconds to clean em up real good...definitely well designed:handle grip, swivel blade, light weight: easy to use.love it :)', "This work well. It is funny the guard hides the potato as you are peeling. I like the guard as you cannot nick yourself when peeling,and I like the little 'plastic' guard you can put back on it after cleaning. It is a great product. I have several 'OXO' products,that was one of the reasons I purchased this particular peeler!", 'Ease of use is incredible. It glides over fruits and vegetables and does all the work except aiming, for you.', 'This peeler works great.  I had no idea my old peeler was so dull until I started using this one.  It works very well and the large handle fits nicely in my geezer hand.', 'This is one of two peelers I have on hand, the other being a generic/unknown branded peeler I bought at the grocery store.  Between the two, this is by far my favorite.  No, it isn\'t revolutionary.  But I do think it is better designed than most.  The handle has a nice contour to it that seems to be designed to fit in my hand.  The handle material also has some cushioning to it, which I appreciate.  It doesn\'t completely eliminate the soreness in my hand if I do a substantial amount of peeling, but I do think it reduces it.  Having compared to to my \'generic\' peeler, I\'ve noticed the other tends to make my hand feel uncomfortable and sore faster.  Many products across the OXO line seem to have handles or grips made of a similar material and I always appreciate how they seem to reduce discomfort.  Overall I think this is a great peeler.  It\'s not something you pick up and have an "Oh wow this is amazing!" moment, but I do think it is much better constructed than other peelers I\'ve tried.', "This little peeler is expensive, for what it is - a basic peeler. What makes it worth the price is that it is nicely constructed, has an extremely sharp stainless blade, and the Oxo handle makes it so easy to use. So far this little peeler has handled everything I've thrown at it with ease. Yes, I would recommend it to any cook.", "I've long been a fan of OXO utensils but I didn't think there was a good are bad when it came to peelers. I was wrong. I cook quite a bit and had used a peeler recently at my brother's house. When I got this one and used it, it was like night and day. It is surprisingly effective in peeling as if it were super sharp, but I've run it into my hand on accident a couple times and never been cut. There's something about the design of the blade that makes it pretty safe to use and still really quick at peeling. It also comes with a nifty plastic blade cover that I use to protect the blade from dulling in my utensil drawer. Nice little feature.", 'I have used this peeler only a few times and it is already quite dull. It is now practically impossible to peel an apple with it, although on straight peels, like carrots, it still works like any other mediocre peeler. Also, the "swivel" never really worked well. It was always difficult to peel a curved surface like an apple with this thing.', 'I really like this peeler. It is really smooth, easy to clean, and hold fairly well. I do miss the eye removal tool from the standard peelers but the one it provides works well enough. If the eye removal tool was better I would give it five stars', 'It is an awesome tool to peel potatoes with. It barely requires any effort. The handle is very comfortable and ergonomic.', "This peeler is sturdy, sharp and still works like new even 10 years after purchasing it. My husband doesn't mind peeling veggies since the handle is not skinny and it is easy to grip.  I threw out my other peeler and have not bought another one since this peeler has come into my kitchen.", 'This peeler is larger than my previous one and I am glad that I am able to use it because its more user-friendly and very reasonably priced.', 'This peeler is unlike others, as it is made in one piece.  Others are glued together and trust me, they fall apart while washing.', 'does the job, and is super sharp. im not sure if its the design of these types of peelers, or what but sometimes the peeled piece will stay attached to the peeler and affect the next attempted swipe to peel. slows you down as u have to fling it off, and it is why i know its super sharp as a few attempts at flinging a piece off failed, i used my finger and slipped off the piece of food and sliced my finger', "I didn't realize how dull my peeler was until I replaced it with the OXO Good Grips.  Peeling potatoes has never been easier!  The peeler is easy to hold and easy to use.", "This tool peels easily and feels comfortable in your hand. The gouger part at the end for digging the &#34;eyes&#34; out out potatoes is pretty much junk though. It's so dull you have to use a lot of force to make it work, and in end up jabbing myself with it occasionally when it slips (because it's dull). Frustrating, but the main function of peeling is smooth and easy.", 'When these came I was so pleasantly surprised.  They are super sharp and so comfortable in my hand.  My 6 year old grandson is able to peel a potato all by himself without any problem as the peeler never slips in his hand.  The old one would slip and flip on him all the time.  I really like this and am so glad I got 2 of them.', "It is rare when $5.99 can make you happy! This peeler will change your  life. Carrots, cucumbers, potatoes, sweet potatoes, apples, really ripe  pears, peaches, eggplant... all the peels slide off with ease. My father  use to fuss at me when I would nail: &quot;Let the hammer do the  work!&quot; With this tool I don't need any reminders! The peeler does the  work. Excellent tool. Excellent gift.", 'We own a lot of OXO gadgets, and this one is a good example of why. Simple, easy to use, and durable.', "I'm a sucker for shiny, expensive things, so of course I bought the $27 stainless steel Rosle cross peeler.The OXO good grips peeler does a better job than the more expensive Rosle at quickly peeling potatoes, squashes, and other tough veggies.  It's a workhorse in the kitchen and cleans up easy in the dishwasher.  Highly recommended.", 'I should have gotten one of these years ago.  Fits nicely in my hand and peels great. I need to purchase a couple of more for my children.', 'Very comfortable handle, good grip and very sharp to peel potatoes, carrots and other foods that need to be peeled.', "Need to be super careful with this tool.  I've not had much luck with it - have cut myself every time.  And I'm an experienced cook!  Just not the right item for me.", "The OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler is a must-have kitchen essential for fall -- especially for potatoes and apples, as well as other root vegetables used for roasting and stewing. This peeler feels fantastic in your hand and we love the wide, secure handle. It glides over the peels with ease and manages to peel very thinly so you don't waste the fruit or veggie interior. They've even included a hole for convenient hanging on your utensil pegboard.", "We have a lot of trouble with peelers (as we do with spatulas, as mentioned in my spatula review).  This one seems to work pretty well, and it's holding up well so far.  If it falls apart, I will update.  We're still hoping for a better peeler than this, but this one is pretty darn good.", 'I have bought three of these peelers.  Our family of seven has meals some times with five pounds of potatoes or sweet potatoes and these peelers make quick work of them.  The blades are sharp and the handles are comfortable to use.  I recommend them.', 'This peeler is great, durable, and easy to use and clean. Beats using a knife to peel carrots and other veggies.', 'This contraption is amazing.  It arrived the other day, and since then I have used it for peeling cucumbers, ginger root, apples, potatoes, and carrots.  It affords an easy grip and a smooth operation - making an otherwise dull job, zip along quite happily.  The peels are thin and sleek and make perfect treats for the chickens and guineas.  I plan to order some for other family members if they do not already have one.', 'this item works great. I use it all the time and has grips on the side for your fingers to not slip.', 'I have been using cheap peelers all my life and decided to give this one a try to see what a good peeler can do.  Well, I will never go back.  It feels great in my hand and does a great job peeling.  Well worth the price.  By the way, I tried the OXO Good Grips Y peeler as well.  I prefer this one.', 'My expectations of this item defeated me. I expected the blad to be steady but  it turns around as the name implies.', "If you're not a cook, then you probably won't have a use for this, but anyone in the search of a superior vegetable peeler, look no further. I've had mine for over two years, and it's working as well as the day I purchased it. It doesn't dull, it peels efficiently, it's safe, light, easy to handle, easy to clean, and doesn't rust. It works well with potatoes, carrots, cucumbers, and zucchinis. I've never tried chocolate, though. It's crazily cheap that you should definitely give this product a try. I promise you won't be disappointed.", 'I can put it in the dishwasher and it is very sharp.  It does a great job on peeling potatoes.', 'This one is so much better than the serrated one. I cut myself several times on the other one and have since given it away.', 'I love OXO products, and this was no disappointment.  Nice sturdy swivel handle, and a VERY sharp blade.  Worth the money.', "Peeling has never been more fun!  I love this peeler. It is super easy to peel any kind of fruit I want. I'll never go back to the regular type of peelers or God-forbid dangerous knives. I like peeling potatoes, apples, and carrots.  Sometimes, I buy root vegetables just so I can peel them.  This peeler is ergonomically comfortable. I can grasp it quite easily with my miniature sized hands. (I wear size XS gloves.)  It's not hard to clean either. I just rinse and wipe, along the grain, using a sponge. That does the trick.  I've had this for months and so far no visible grime has built up on it.  It is rust free as the day I bought it.  I would definitely recommend this to a friend. I am recommending it to you.", 'At 62 I have very arthritic hands, the more I to hold onto, the less pain I have later.  so yeah it does the job well and saves hand problems', 'I DID ORDER TWO, BUT NOW I ONLY HAVE ONE. MY DAUGHTER WAS AT MY PLACE HELPING ME IN THE KITCHEN AND WAS EQUALLY IMPRESSED AT HOW WELL THIS PEELER WORKED. OF COURSE, I GAVE HER MY EXTRA ONE. I MUST REMEMBER TO REORDER ANOTHER ONE FOR MYSELF.', 'Not much to say except it does the job and sure beats my old peelers. I have small hands and wish the handle was narrower but I manage.', "Peals potatoes so much easier than our old one, and it's nice and sharp, too. Soft handle is comfortable to hold and easy to grip.", 'It works well and the handle is comfortable. Unfortunately the handle fills with dirty dishwater in sink or machine. The water is hard to get out and when I take the handle apart to drain it, it is difficult to clean inside. Since I use a peeler often for raw foods (apples, carrots) I worry about infectious contamination of food from this non-hygienic tool.', "Great peeler. It's sharp and the handle feels great. It's also very easy to wash.Love OXO's stuff and this one is very good.", 'The grip is really the biggest things about this for me. It fits well in my hand, feels sturdy, and the blade is sharp. It peels cleanly and makes the job a lot easier.', "I have a drawer full of potato peelers.  This is the only one I use. The handle is comfortable and the swivel head makes peeling go much faster.  I've been using this Oxo Flexible potato peeler for years. It never breaks-- it works like a charm every time!", "moved into a new apartment and these are obviously a must have for any cook.  good quality. wash easily and are just great.  highly recommend and they won't break your wallet!", "Bought this from my grandma in the Caribbean so she doesn't have to use a kitchen knife to peel her fruits and veggies and waste good meat from her fruits. She love it. It no. Slip grip is great and it peels smoothly.", "Oxo makes the BEST stuff! This peeler is no exception. The nice, fat handle is great for my arthritic hands, and the peeler stays sharp, even though it's used a lot. Best potato peeler I've ever used.", "It's surprising what a big difference a good design can make.  I replaced my old peeler with a KitchenAid one, only to find out it was so poorly designed it'd mangle anything I used it on, and barely peeled anything.  It was so poorly designed, I ended up cutting myself the three times I used it, because it kept catching and slipping.The less expensive OXO Good Grips Swivel Peeler easily removes the peel without damaging the item being peeled.  There was no catching, or damaging the produce, and it took a lot less time.  I don't think I've ever bought a bad kitchen utensil from OXO.", "I'll be honest; I don't get much exposure to a great variety of vegetable peelers, but I would hazard a guess that this is one of the best.I bought this based on the other good Amazon reviews and have not regretted it. Its sharp and very efficiently does its job.My sister came over for Christmas and after using it on a few dozen vegetables was so impressed that she went out the next day to find one of her own. I have a reputation in my family for buying the best of the best, no matter the cost, so she was very surprised to find this peeler was so cheap.Buy it, it just works.", "I really like that it takes off just enough of the peel to leave pristine vegetable underneath without taking off too much and wasting what I'm peeling.  Designed just right.", "For years I thought that the veggie peelers I purchased time and again at the dollar stores were good enough. After all, a peeler just peels stuff -- so who cares.After trying this at a friend's house while making some soup, I learned the error of my ways. I'll never use one of those cheap things again!This is so comfortable to handle and work with, it made a job that I considered the worst part of the process the easiest! (Why didn't anybody tell me that peeling potatos is not SUPPOSED to be a nightmare?)GREAT little tool! GIANT time-saver! BIG bargain!", 'Love XOXO products.  This is no exception and can be placed in the dishwasher for easy cleanup.  No slip handle is perfect.  Would definitely recommend!', 'It seems to cut a bit deep, but that might just be me.  It is sharp, comfortable to hold, and washed up easy in the dishwasher.', 'Somehow my old metal version of this kind of peeler disappeared.  With the available options on the market, I still wanted the old style peeler like this.  Being a lover of OXO products, I jumped at this one, despite it being $5-$7 more than the metal one at the end of the grocery aisle.  I\'ve been very pleased with this purchase, and love (as usual) the rubber grip of the handle.  I had been concerned the "eye remover" (for potatoes) wouldn\'t be as effective, being thick black plastic, but OXO designed it so well that you don\'t notice a difference.It\'s insanely sharp, though, so when you peel a potato, for instance, the sliver you just peeled sometimes stays right there in place (totally sliced off).  You can\'t even tell you just cut something . . . and I simply brush it away with my hand and continue.  This is not a complaint as much as a silly fact.Spend the extra few bucks, and get this peeler over any other standard option!  You\'ll be very happy. :)', 'I have been looking for a decent peeler for a while now.  The ones at the supermarket are cheap and junky.  I wanteda decent one that works well, and this is it.  While it is a little bit more money, it peels good and is quite comfortable in my hand.  I would recommend it.', "Seriously, it's the best peeler I've ever used. Don't look at any others. The peeler part swivels easily in the grip, and it makes peeling stuff effortless. It's also cheap!", 'Bought for 3rd time in November 2012.  Due to misadventures in moving we have had to buy this exact product 3 times.  The grip stays in hand with no slipping even if hand gets wet while using.  Peels excellent with little pressure.  My gal friend has rheumatoid arthritis and this is the only style she can use.  Got stupid once and bought the Kitchen Aid red colored one just because of the color and regretted on 1st use - handle was uncomfortable, slippery, and blades would not peel properly.  The OXO is easy to use, easy to clean, very reliable product and company.  Amazon price slightly better than any other store we researched.', "Once again, OXO delivers a quality kitchen product.  It's a good peeler for just about any job peeling fruits or vegetables.  I even use it to make little ribbons of vegetable and parmesan cheese.  It's stayed sharp for months and months.  It's comfortable in my hand and the rubbery handle is grippy, even when wet.  Great general purpose peeler.", 'I have spent a lot of money on cheap peelers and saw this one on Amazon and took a chance on it.  It works great, is easy to handle and I highly recommend it.  I would definitely buy it again.', "Like many of the &quot;Good Grips&quot; products, it's really astounding how much better this peeler is than &quot;traditional&quot; peelers (you know, the all-metal, slightly rusty thing that had been in your utensil drawer since you bought at at the supermarket when you were stocking the kitchen for your first apartment).  This inexpensive gadget produces much better results, much faster and more comfortably, than any other peeler I've ever used.  It works equally well on potatos, carrots, apples, etc.  It's cheap ($5-$6 for an essential kitchen tool you'll own for years) and works great; why in the world wouldn't you buy it?  If you cook and you don't own one, stop reading and buy one now.  It's a no-brainer.", "Oxo Good Grips Swivel PeelerThe potato and cucumber have met their match. This peeler makes quick work of the skins without much fatigue to your hands.  This is the second peeler that I've bought, the first grew a couple of legs and was AWOL. I liked the first so well that I bought another, because this is an essential tool in any kitchen.  What I like about this peeler is that it makes a good peel, especially on a potato, that I can spray them with Pam and make my own potato skin chips. The Good Grips line features durable, non-slip, flexible handles on every product. Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly, the pressure-absorbing processed rubber handle puts less tension on the hands while still providing an outstanding grip. Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets, the handles are slip-proof--wet or dry--as well as dishwasher-safe. The sharp, stainless steel blade glides through even the toughest fruit and vegetable skins with ease.Some of the features are:* Good Grips oversize rubber handle is comfortable, even with repetitive strokes* Swiveling twin blades peel easily with flexible action* Built-in potato eye remover* Large hole in handle makes storage easy* Dishwasher-safeThis peeler works well with wet hands, because I've never peeled a potato unless it's been washed, which means they are wet. Apples, carrots, cucumbers and potatoes all are fair game for this peeler. The tip of the peeler has a potato eye remover which works very well.  All-in-all, your experience with this peeler will be positive as it makes quick work of the skins.  I'm pleased with this essential kitchen tool. This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite", 'Bought it for my wife after she lost the other one we had, she says it not a good as the old one. I believe she mentioned the grip is not very good and uncomfortable, still works great though.', "This peeler is ideal - it's sharp, easy to grip, flexible, simple to clean, and seems pretty durable. It's more expensive than it could be, but it's not overpriced and it really works well. No complaints from me on potatoes, cucumbers, zucchini, etc.", "As the man in the house who cooks, I always appreciate good tools. This peeler works precisely like I hoped it would. Glides through even the roughest peels with ease.Liked it so much, I bought one for my mom to replace her archaic one.Go ahead and order one, you won't regret it!", 'I purchased the OXO Good Grips Peeler back in 2000 and I have been using it ever since with no problems whatsoever. I originally bought it to replace the peeler that came in my Culinary School tool kit. That peeler had broken after only a month of use. But I have used the OXO peeler ever since, going on 5 years now. It feels great in my hands and peels potatoes, carrots and other vegetables perfectly. While I was in school my classmates were constantly borrowing this from me and asking me where I bought it. Even one of my Chef instructors loved it and would use it from time to time. If this peeler were to ever break on me, which it has shown no signs of doing, I would not hesitate to buy another OXO.', 'This was a gift for my granddaughter that just moved into an apartment -- she loves it!  Works well - thanks!!', "Excellent peeler!So many peelers just don't work that well. Lost the one I'd used for years and was so upset until I found this one.", "I bought this for peeling fruits and veggies to make my own baby food. This works great and comes with a little plastic case for the blade.  I'm not sure if it was supposed to be tossed, but I kept it and use it to place over the blade (like a razor) when I store it in the drawer so no one will get hurt picking it up.", 'As a vegan, I work with a lot of vegetables.  As a result, this peeler is practically an extension of my arm!  I love it!  I use it regularly and the blade is still sharp.  It works perfectly on carrots, potatoes, cucumbers...you name it!', "The best thing about this peeler is the very comfortable handle.  It's easy to hold on to, plus its very sharp! It makes peeling very easy, I've used it on carrots and cucumbers with little trouble.  Highly recommend!", "This peeler is very sharp, peels potatoes and carrots quickly and doesn't require too much effort. No waste of the peels either, it just peels what needs to be peeled :)", 'Easy to use, makes potato peeling quick and easy. This is my second one, good price too and easy to clean', "This is a perfect kitchen utensil.  Keeps sharp forever, easy to clean, padded handle makes it easy on your hand, peels just the right amount of skin of whatever you're peeling.", "It's sharp and sturdy, good not only for cleaning potatoes but also for peeling skin from coconut meat. Hopefully it will last long too.", "Good for quickly peeling hand held fruits and veggies like potatoes and apples and the like. It wouldn't touch a kombocha squash, though. Well constructed and easy to clean.", 'We had one of these for years and it worked perfectly until the day it mysteriously disappeared, stolen by evil space aliens. we immediately replaced it, but for a couple of days had to use a "regular peeler" with a dull blade - horrible. The Oxo stays sharp and just plain does the job!', 'Yup, this is a great peeler.  The handle is sturdy and feels good in the hand.  The "grips" help avoid slippage with your wet, kitchen hands.  Swivel action helps when peeling uneven surfaces (think potatoes).  The guard over the top of the blade aids in gripping and safety.The peeler I had before this was some cheap little thing I got at the grocery store.  It\'s definitely worth a few extra bucks to get a real peeler.  Especially if you love sweet potato mash as much as I do!', "I broke my old peeler recently and after tons of review reading I settled on this guy. It is super sharp and gets the job done. Also the grip is comfy so even after peeling tons for a carrot cake it wasn't as tiring.", 'Love it it works great.  My kids use it and love it works great on carrots, cucumber, ginger and apples.  Happy there were 3 in this pack now my kids each have their own.', "The best peeler I've ever found.  I've tried others, but the Oxo is simply the best.  Keeps a sharp edge for ages.", 'I received one of these peelers at my wedding shower and I love it so much I give it as gifts frequently at wedding showers or for house warming.  Peels quickly and is comfortable in the hand to use.  Worth every penny!', "This swivel peeler works so well!! I even peel mango using this peeler, and it doesn't break the flesh of the fruit. It glides on the fruit or veggie super smooth and the non slip grip handle is great. It cost like $9 but so worth it because it works so well.", "I went home over thanksgiving and used my mom's Cutco vegetable peeler and found (to my great astonishment and pleasure) that my Oxo peeler did a better job and was probably a third the price. I've had this for 3 years now and it looks and feels like it's new. The tip is hollowed out so you can scoop out bad spots on potatoes etc. I love it.", "Good grip and sharp blades.  So far has held up well to several weeks of use.  We'll see how well the sharpness holds up over time.", 'This turned out to be darn near awesome!  My old peeler was about 10 years or more old.  Although it still worked, there was a definite issue with it being sharp enough to get the job done.  I also hand washed it every time which may be why it lasted so long but was still more of an inconvenience.  I bought this one after doing a little research and reading reviews.  Super glad I made the decision because it works perfectly!  Testing it out, I peeled 2 cucumbers in about 2 minutes or less.  Huge difference from my old one which took longer and was not as easy.  This OXO peeler is smooth as silk with the peels long and even.  I also tested the dish washer safe claim when I first received it which was accurate.  A good peeler is especially important nowadays since I tend to cook healthier meals.  A good peeler also makes for good cucumber tzatziki or sweet potato fries (baked of course).  If you need a new peeler, this is a good choice!', 'I am a sharp and easy to use peeler.  I boast a sleek design and wide handle.  I glide over carrots, potatoes, and apples with ease.  I romance them until I see their bare flesh, and then let you decide what to do with them.I will replace your old, worn out, rusted peeler in an instant to become your go to kitchen tool.  Invest in med and enjoy.', 'We had two of these peelers and we think one of them was accidentally thrown away, so we bought another one.  My wife has arthritis and this and the other Oxo products make it much more comfortable for her to work with and handle.', 'I tried this in a kitchen store, bought it immediately and upon arriving home, I threw away the 4-5 other kind littering my drawer. Try this and you will never use another brand.', 'This is a sturdy peeler with swiveling twin blades and a built-in potato eye remover, which easily pares even the toughest skin of your fruits and vegetables, and carves out blemishes without damage. It produces thin rinds and peel with little or no pulp, and cuts on the first run every single time. Its blade never seems to need sharpening and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional lightweight peelers do, and keeping you away from any stress-related injuries. You can even use it to quickly julienne vegetables like carrots, cucumbers, and potatoes, among others.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use.Its elegant, stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection. Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make this essential tool one that you will be able to depend on for years, and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of relentless, everyday use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar', "This is the best peeler I have used!  I have one and have given them as gifts numerous times. The grip is comfortable, the peeling action is smooth and quick and it just is a joy to use.  What more could you want? My wife  has carpal tunnel and loves the whole line of OXO products, but this one is  our favorite. Even my 11 year old daughter begs me to use it when I peel  vegetables.This is the last peeler you'll ever need!", 'This is our second one we have purchased. The first one lasted for many years before it finally got dull. OXO makes very high quality products.We also purchased one of these for my parents a few years ago and they still comment about how good it is.I would highly recommend this peeler.', "Feels good in the hand, cleans up well in the dishwasher.Time will tell if it survives many trips through the washer.What's noteworthy to me is how sharp it is. My little girl likes to peel veggies so I bought this for her and she actually cut herself with it.I just never used a sharp peeler and  I thought  they were all sort of dull and therefore safe for kids. Not true. Be careful!", 'This peeler works very well, comfortable handle. Stays sharp.  Our day care kids also like it.Dishwasher safe, too.HOWEVER;The potato eye remover is nearly useless. The leverage is wrong at the tip of the peeler blade.We own an older model OXO Good Grips peeler with the potato eye removers at the base of the blade, near the handle.  Much, much better. The eye removers near the handle are easy, quick, and accurate.This older model has one eye remover on each side, so it works equally well for right-handers and left-handers.Sometimes the best model does not win in the marketplace.', "i use to peel my veggies with a knife, but this thing is so simple and easy to use ....what was I thinking ALL my life! it's great quality and i love the feel of the handle ....and the blade is very sharp that i never had any issues peeling!", 'this peeler is of high quality material , it is very sharp , works like a charm . thanks goodness it has a protector cover . i love it .', 'Third gift for granddaughter at college.  She is a Cheer Leader and eats lots of salads.  This peeler helps to prep many of her fresh veggies and fruits.', 'This product is worth the price.  Sharp and easy to clean.  I would recommend it.  Purchased as a replacement for the cheap stainless steel handled version which I seem to cut myself on regularly.  This handle is bigger, and seems to create more separation between blade and back of fingers.  :)', 'I have only used this product a few times on carrots, apples, persimmons, and other fruit. It peels well. Feels very solid, and is easy to clean. Typical OXO quality.', "OXO brand delivers again!Durable peeler better than other I've tried", "Pros:Unbeatable. I've never come across anything that performs as well.Peels carrots, cucmbers, etc. with ease. I've even used it to peel pumpkins!Easy to clean!Cons:None.", "Very good peeler for BIG hands!  Sharp blades.  Recommended by Cook's Magazine.", 'One would be surprised how rare it is to find a peeler that is actually easy to use. The grip has to be just right, the peeling head has to swivel not too much and not too little and its edges have carry just the right amount of sharpness. I went though a number of peelers which I all eventually abandoned in favor of my trusted knife. However, once I got my hands on one these OXO ones, I never used my knife again.Nowadays, that seems you cannot go through a single day without coming across Food Shows, this swivel peeler is a must in every kitchen.RECOMMENDED.', "Peels potatoes very easily. Great at digging out brown spots. Very simple to clean. Hasn't dulled over all these years of constant use.", 'so far have no bad reviews with this brand. I like to buy this brand occassionally and have never had a problem.', "This peeler works okay but you need to be careful when using it, it's very sharp and a little awkward to use.  I prefer my old, basic peeler over this.  While using it last night, I managed to take a good chunk of the tip of my finger off with it while peeling potatoes.", 'I  just love Oxxo products.  They are the best.  This peeler makes light work of hard job of peeling veggies etc...I will buy no other brand for such...', "I have always got oxo products because they are the best, simply put.  I bought these for my envious sister 'n law - I'm sure that she'll love them when I give them to her at Christmas", 'I like this peeler better than anything I have to date.  Still there are resistant things that I think should work, but  it has not fallen apart as others have when tackling difficult veggie skins.  I would buy again for sure.', 'I bought this peeler to replace one that was getting dull.  My sister was here for a visit and also wanted one so I bought another.', "I've had this for about a year, it still remains sharp enough to do a good job peeling vegetables. I prefer a vertical peeler design because it is faster if you have strong wrists, if your hands are weaker, the horizontal design will probably work better for you.", 'Ive had a number of peelers and got tired of them getting dull or rusting. Ive had this almost a year, and its still the best peeler Ive ever had.', "To put it very simply, the blade is ultra sharp and the handle makes it ultra easy to use. For someone with a disability or arthritis (or just weakness in your hands) this is perfect. And even if you don't have dexterity problems the handle makes it very easy to peel a lot of potatoes and carrots. Usually my hand is tired after two or three, but I just did more than 20 for a party and my hand was not tired.", 'This is a very good peeler.  The only reason it lost 1 star, is that I have had better.  I could not, for the life of me, find the same one I had before (which was lost), so this is the next best option out there.', "Wish it would be a little less plastic, I guess I'm just used to the old school ones. However it's pretty good.", "I've used many before only to end up in the trash can. Bought a Cuisinart peeler a week ago and it sucked. This has the right angle and a good blade. A much better broad handle which makes holding it a lot easier! I recommend this.", "Been slicing like a pro ever since these things came in. I've skinned cucumbers, apples, and other veggies and fruits that I couldn't skin before.", "THIS PEELER WORKS FINE. JUST AFTER ORDERING IT FROM AMAZON I SAW IT AT WALGREENS FOR 4.99....THE EVERYDAY PRICE. I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED IF IT COULD BE FOUND EVEN CHEAPER THAN 4.99 AT DISCOUNT STORES.", "So far I have only used this peeler to peel potatoes because I have another peeler for carrots and other vegetables. It works well but the razor is loose and I don't like that. I think it may have some function but my other peelers don't have that and I find it a bit difficult to get used to it. Otherwise it fine, sharp and feels ok in hand.", "Had to find replacement for my mother's peeler that I'd used for 20 years.  This one did the trick. Nice comfortable handle, sharp and effective. Easy to clean.", 'I just purchased this one, and after 1st use, cut my finger.  "Why?" might you ask, because the area is too small that you peel with.  It is inset between the parts that hold the blade.  This MIGHT be good for carrots, but if you have a large potato or one with a flat side, it is very ineffective.', 'I have been using this peeler for quite some time now. It does it job perfectly well. I use it to peel potato, carrot and ginger skin.The grip is very good. It has not slipped out of my hand once. I wash this in the dishwasher.', 'Makes peeling potatoes and squashes easy. Small enough and good-looking enough too, and good value for the price. Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced. Highly recommend! A must have for the kitchen.', "I think all of us have owned a peeler that is worn and beat up.  But we keep on using it anyway.  Purchasing a peeler isn't always on top of your priority list for the day :)  When your fed up like I was a few months ago than take a look at this peeler.  Its holding up real well and I finally don't get irritated peeling fruits :)", "The blade is very sharp and peels nicely - doesn't take a thick piece of the potato or whatever I'm peeling.  I loved it so much that I ordered one for our 6 children", "I know Oxo products get always good review.  This is the reason why I bought this product.  It's also a very good peeler.", "The day I got this peeler, I compared how it peeled side by side with my other swivel potato peeler, just like an infomercial, or something. The size of the pieces that came off when peeled with the new one was incredible. It takes no time at all to peel a potato, whereas I had to spend at least 10 minutes on it before! I'm surprised that most swivel potato peelers don't have any kind of grip on the handle, because after any length of time, holding it can definitely be hard on your hand. It peels carrots equally well, and it makes cooking much more leisurely and fun.", "I desperately needed a new peeler.  I went with the one that doesn't turn and am quite pleased.  It quickly peels carrots and potatoes without taking much of the meat of the vegetable off.  It's easy to clean and easy to store.", "I don't know, but from now on, I won't. It is my first peeler, so I can hardly compare, but it works very well, very smooth. I had it for 2 weeks, and peeling veggies is now a fast task in my kitchen.", "i've never owned a peeler before this. only used my parents' growing up. This must be a sign that you're interested in cooking and eating better when you need a vegetable peeler!!i would recommend to everyone looking for a peeler. the grip is soft where you hold it between thumb and index finger. The hole on the grip is just big enough to hang this if you want.", "This peeler has a good-size handle that is easy to grip even when wet. It came with a cover over the blade - good idea. It's sharp out of the box and I kept the cover to put back on it when it goes in the drawer.", 'Love the OXO Grip items I\'ve bought over the years.  Emphasis on "grip".  This is one sharp peeler that shipped with a clear plastic cover snapped over the blade. I kept the cover and put it right back on the blade after washing. I don\'t want the blade to get dull mingling in the drawer with all my other kitchen gadgets.', "I love this pealer. I like the way it feels in you hand. It works great and you can't go wrong with this.", "I rather enjoyed this peeler. In fact, when I first used it, I was disappointed I didn't have more stuff to peel. This peeler does not require any elbow grease to move it down the vegetable and get it to peel--you don't have to apply any pressure. The handle is nice and big so it feels comfortable in your hand. The head swivels a bit so the blade can adjust to the contour of the vegetables quite easily which is necessary when you are peeling things like potatoes. I am glad I bought it.", "I purchased this years ago and have loved it from the start... It's so comfortable to hold, works in both directions - peeling away from your hand or towards your hand. We use it on cucumbers, potatoes, and carrots. Takes off just the right amount of peel with each swipe. It has held up fine in the dishwasher and seems to be still sharp enough, probably 15 years after we bought it... LOVE IT and would highly recommend. The lines you see on the sides of the handle are great for gripping and compress as you squeeze them, so even with wet hands, the peeler does not slip!", 'Nice potato peeler, it will hold up in doing what I need it to do. Very nice quality as most OXO products are.', "It worked until I threw it away by accident. BUMMER. This is a a good peeler. I just wish it didn't end up in the garbage. hehhehe", 'I got mine years ago and just bought 2 for family members.  Super easy to hold, good grip, comfy and sharp blade.  Highly recommend!', "I don't use it much, but here is my 2 cents:The handle design is godlike.  It is comfortable to hold and extremely easy to grip.The head swivels and makes peeling much easier.It's about as easy to clean as you'd expect (maybe easier; I was worried about all those nooks in the handle but as they're made of soft rubber it's easy).", "I have about 5 different peelers in my drawer, my last favorite one was similar but the cheaper $1.99 version from walmart but they don't have a higher end product like this. However I love the previous one, it came to rusting due to its cheaply made metal I think. So I'm seeking for a better replacement, I do like most of OXO products like can opener, wine opener etc... One thing I didn't like about previous walmart version is that it peel a bit thicker than I want that it take away more than I want just the fruit's shield. This peel was great, peel thinner, exactly as I wanted. But I hope it'll last much longer for its price and brand that doesn't rust out like the other one.Best peeler I ever have, this would probably a good gift for mother's day.", "I used an old metal vegetable peeler I bought at a garage sale twenty years ago until it broke. My family had bought several replacements over the years and nothing did even close to as good a job until this oxo. It's comfortable to hold, very sharp and just as fast as my old one. Using the round eye remover takes some practice but once you get it, it works great. It's dishwasher safe, so no more oven drying like my old one.", 'I bought a new Oxo as my other one was old ....I think the old one was better..OXO has/had a good rep...not so sure any more', 'Slightly pricey, but you get what you pay for. The ergonomics of the product are well thought out. Can be used as an unwieldy but viable stabbing or slicing tool in the event of a home invasion.', 'This oxo good grips swivel peeler is a great addition to the kitchen. The handle is comfortable to hold and work with and the blade is very sharp and effective. This peeler does a great job of cutting off the skin of the vegetable without taking a lot of the actual vegetable  with it.', "This is without a doubt the best peeler I've ever used.  My hands never got tired, no matter how many apples, potatoes, carrots, or anything else I peeled.  I first bought this peeler when I was suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome (about 5 years ago) and I've been using it ever since and the blade is still sharp!", "I was skeptical about the large handle on this since I have relatively small hands but after reading all the good reviews I figured I would give it a try.  I have been using potato peelers for 40 years and I think this is the first one I have ever enjoyed using.  Talk about making fast work out of peeling potatoes and carrots.  I am purchasing one for both my daughter and son so they don't have to wait 40 years for a great peeler.", 'meh.. it\'s alright...  Does it peel?  Yes.  I\'ve had mine for a few years now and even had them sharpened.  So, how much can there be to a peeler to make a difference enough to say "oh yeah baby peel baby peel"?  Not this peeler.  In general I like OXO stuff for their grips and that\'s about it.Rather than just complain.  Allow me to point you to a peeler that has me reeling peels.Messermeister Peeler Trio SetThe Messermeister is a much better peeler in that it requires hardly any effort with the standard peeler.  It comes individually or as a trio pack.  Of the trio the standard and serrated peelers are the most often used.  The julienne peeler not so much but consider it a freebie at this price.  nogo on this oxo.', 'A great peeler that is easy to hold. It is sharp and that makes it much quicker than any peeler that I have ever owned. However, because it is sharp, without thinking I peeled a couple millimeters of skin off of one of my fingers. So if you buy this I would order a glove like the Microplane 34007 Kitchen Cut-Protection Glove which I got on my next order with Amazon.', "Works great for all my kitchen needs. I'm a lefty and have no problems using this.", 'I bought this because I have trigger fingers and thought the handle would help, but the handle is a bit too large.  I have never had any problem with water getting into the handle and I sometimes soak this is the sink.  It has one of the best cutting blades that can be used in a peeling toward or peeling away motion.  Nice item for the price, it has lasted me longer than any other.', 'After my beloved Tupperward brand peeler broke, I purchased a few different ones before finally finding one I like, this one.Comfortable handle, sharp blade, works great.', "comfortable, sharp and typical oxo quality and designi peel/slice everything with this thing. veggies, fruit, cheese, soap,don't ask about the soap....", 'Remains sharp after countless potatoes, apples, carrots, and what have you skinned. Cleans easily and VERY comfortable grip. I can do this for days! It has a plastic cap for the blade for safe storage', 'This is my favorite peeler and I now purchased a 2nd one.  It is so nice in your hands, love Oxo!', "I still have a bit of difficulty pushing out the apple core, but maybe it's just me, with having small hands (you'd think that would help) but maybe I'm just not &#34;super strong&#34; or something... that said, it works, does the job well... This review left by Alan's wife, Susan, chief apple corer.", "I use it to core apples before I put them in the dehydrator, It's well made and easy to clean; a very good product.", 'This corer works as it is supposed to for coring apples.  that is all I have used it for.  It seems sturdy and well made.', "This works as good as any corer should.  You don't have to push down to hard to get the result you want.  The hole is wide enough to get everything out.  Great product.", 'I saw this product on a cooking show being used to core pineapple slices and thought it would be easier than coring the pineapple with a knife. It turns out I was wrong. Save your money and use a knife. To be fair, I have not tried this device on apples. I will give it a go and post another review.', 'This is the best apple corer ever.  I use it every day.  On larger apples it can leave a small amount of the core behind, but not a big deal.', 'This is a perfect quick and easy helper when you have two hungry toddlers that want their apples &#34;big&#34; and not sliced.  I would definitely recommend.', "I learned about this brand through the Today's show one morning.  And they were not kidding-- This company does have great products!I uploaded a picture to illustrate how well the corer does the job.  Everything came out nicely and neatly.  All it took was bit of turning and pushing, and then the whole core came out like a beauty!  I just love it!  Plus, it saves so much time.Yes-- the handle/grip is absolutely well designed.  It fits in my hand well and it doesn't slip at all.", 'You slam this thing down into an apple and PRESTO - gross seeds and tough core are gone-zo.  I like to dehydrate apples, and this has simplified that process by a million minutes.  The little teeth at the end help it break the waxy apple skin, and a quick turn pulls the core out.', "Apple corers have always been a pain.  The kind wth the handles that you center over the apple and push down into wedges...those just don't work well.  If the core is off center, you end up with a difficult cut and having to pare away the core from the slices.This Oxo Good Grips Corer is nice.  The trick to using this one is to twist as you push and yo get a much cleaner coring.  I used this and then slice the apples into rings...my kids love it.", "This works so great! It's amazing. We love it and use it all the time. I hIghly recommend this item!", 'Core an apple in seconds.Easy to gripe handle.Made apple slices,  I am thinking apple dumplings are in my future!', 'excellent!', 'I never bothered to have an apple corer before, but because I now snack on apples instead of candy, I have found the coring tool to be a nice thing to have.  I just core the apple, then slice it up, and snack on the apple slices.  Works great.  Easy to clean.', 'I use this to create a hole in cupcakes to fill them.  Either fill it with a mini peanut butter cup or fruit preserves and then icing on top.', "If you need an apple corer, this one works very well.  It is comfortable to use and cores apples quickly and easily.  I don't find myself using it very often, though, so an apple slicer that automatically cores the apple might be the better fit for some people.  It just depends on what sorts of desserts and recipes you use.  However, if you ever need the tool to core an apple without slicing it, this is an awesome brand.", 'Glad I got this! It works great.  Should have gotten this a long time ago!!!  You will really love it, too!', 'works well, pricey but what isnt these days. it is what is is. If you dehydrate apples, it is perfect for decreasing your workload.', 'I like eating apples with peanut or almond butter, but I used to hate trying to cut the center out of each apple slice.  This device has fixed that problem.  I put the apple on top of a cutting board and then push the Corer straight through the center of the apple.  It is large enough to get the entire core out of small to medium sized apples.', "It's really  tough and sturdy.  I have arthritic hands and this handle is super.  I highly recommend this item.  You won't be disappointed. Also the price is excellent.", "I bought this apple corer so I could core my apples more easily than with a knife. It works as advertised so I'm happy! :)", "This corer is of great quality, but the handle is so bulky that it doesn't store well. It takes up too much space in my utensil drawer, so I hang it on my bakers rack, but the hole is almost too small for the hooks I use. I use it quite a lot, however, so I guess it's worth it.", 'Nothing fancy here, just a handy little tool.  It works well and gets the job done.  Most times I need to do a couple of passes at the core to get it all out.  If it had a little bigger circumference it would be really great.', "I've been looking around for an apple corer (and hopefully cheaper than Pampered Chef) and stumbled upon this one.  AWESOME bargain!  My kids have enjoyed apple ring snacks (smeared with peanut butter and sprinkled with granola) and baked apples with brown sugar!  My son has a habit of munching the apple through the core, but will not eat an apple that has been cut up.  This corer has been the perfect solution, as I can keep it in tact and remove the core for him.  Very sturdy, easy to use and a steal for the price!", "I absolutely love this corer! It's incredibly easy to use, and the best part is that it doesn't seem to have any sharp edges I can cut myself on. Clutz-approved! Despite lacking sharp edges, it still cuts through an apple very easily and without a lot of force. OXO handles are great, as I have quite a few of their other products in my kitchen, and this has lived up to it's non-slip standard. If you miss getting all the seeds out the first time, no worries! It comes out as easily as it goes in and and you can try again. Just try not to get too crazy with it, or you'll end up with a bunch of apple cylinders and no apple left!", "I have several OXO Good Grips gadgets in my kitchen and I find they are consistently well designed and do the job they are meant to do and do it well. This corer is right up there with the best of the OXO tools. The handle is large and sturdy and helps me get a good grip so I can get the core out with one motion. I have really bad arthritis in my hands so if this tool did not perform well, I'd be looking for a replacement.I find this size takes out just the right amount of core. I tend to buy organic when possible and those apples are generally a little smaller than conventionally grown ones. This corer takes out just enough so the seeds and little tough seed casing is removed without taking too much of the apple flesh.Very pleased with this product and happy to recommend.", 'Seems well made to me. Handle is solid and metal is firm and not easily breakable. I use this thing to core out the inside of a potato. Then stuff it with meat and cheese and plug the ends back with part of the core I pulled out.Try it! Yummy.', "I no longer loathe using apples in recipes. An apple corer really does save time and reduces waste. I've used this about 15 times and it's still going strong.", 'This corer works very nice.  Although sometimes I halfway miss the core, and have to go through again (my issue not the corer).  It\'s very easy to push through and core, and takes a nice clean section out of the apple.  If you\'re making apple dumplings, pie, etc it makes the apples look very "professional".', 'This thing works amazingly! Everytime, anytime. It really does a good job of coring with minimal effort. I use it to core apples to put in the microwave with brown sugar and cinnimon for dessert. Love this item. Worth the cheap price!', 'I bought this based on other reviews, and I am glad I did. I used it for the first time yesterday and had a dozen apples cored in less than 5 minutes. It was really easy to use and did a great job!', "Before buying this product, I used an apple corer and divider. I hated using it because I'm petite and it would take me 5 minutes of using all of my strength to core the apple and have it cut into wedges. I am starting to eat healthier and decided to buy this apple corer to see if I liked it better. I love the OXO Good Grips Corer! It takes just seconds to core the apple and the core is easy to remove from the corer. The handle is comfy and easy to grip. Cleaning the corer is also easy. I use this to core small and medium-sized apples and the core comes out completely. However, I do not think the core will come completely out with larger-sized apples because of the size of the head. Overall, I would definitely recommend this product.", 'does the job Apple killer no seeds left behind, bananas are safe for now easy to clean highly recommend great quality.', 'This little tool is awesome!  it sure saves time as in one quick motion it takes out the core including all the seeds.  Great time saver and well worth the money.  Easy to clean.  Wish I had purchased it years ago....highly recommend.', 'This item turned out to be even more handy than expected. Works like a charm every time and is a snap to clean!', 'Is sometimes difficult to line up all the through and apple, particularly a very large one. So the bottom of the core may be off center and you give it a second run through.', 'I was very pleased with this product.  It is very sturdy and very easy to use.  I have a couple of recipes that I like to use a mandolin to thinly slice apples, and to be able to perfectly core them with this tool makes it easy for me to get as much of the apple as possible, quickly.', 'Okay... let me start by saying that I have never used this apple corer on apples. I used it on potatoes to make a recipe called potatoe bombs (stuffed baked potatoes). This little device worked great in coring the potatoes and I imagine it would do a great job on coring an apple too. My recipe turned out great and this corer worked very well, helping cut down on prep time.', 'Needed something I could grip & use easily and this definitely does the job.  Base teeth are not sharp but rotating/twisting corer from the beginning of the process makes the job go smoothly, even if you have to expand original hole for a bigger apple.  A definite YES if your hands give you trouble at the most inconvenient moment!', "Not much to say here.  It does the job.  I've used it on a few dozen apples, put it through the dishwasher, and its still working.  I wish it was a little sharper, it's takes some force to break the skin of the apple.", 'Purchased this as a gift for someone who wanted a cupcake corer. She said it works great and makes the filling process a lot easier. Definitely recommended!', "This corer works exactly as advertised, it makes coring the apples extremely easy. The size of the whole seems perfect to get the full core out without taking out tons of extra apple. To me this is fairly straight forward, either it works well or it doesn't, and for me this product works perfectly.", "I got this because my husband will not cut up and core an apple. But he's happy to use this. My only issue with it is that sometimes it doesn't get the entire core depending on the size of the apple or if the stem area is lop-sided. He loves it. I use a knife.", 'I watch the BBQ Pit Boys videos on YouTube and they make potato bombs by coring out the potatoes and stuffing them with all sorts of good stuff. I bought this tool for that reason and when I tried it it worked just like it was designed for that.', "I just bought this apple corer in a local supermarket.  I was using a six blade apple slicer/corer but I had to give it up because the darn thing would slice my fingers up when I pushed out the apple core from the center of the gadget.  Now I have this and I love it.  With an easy grip handle it makes coring an apple a piece of cake.  One push and it's all done.  It's not a hard push either.  It is very sharp, but unlike the apple corer/slicer, it doesn't cut my fingers to pieces.  When the apple is cored cutting it into many cubes or slices is a breeze.  It is a very quick job to cut an apple that has been cored..  I think I will give this corer to my friends and let them save their fingers as well.  Great product and very functional, it comes out of the dishwasher as sharp as it went in.  I would rate this corer 5 stars for functionality and usefulness.", 'Simple, practical, durable design and so easy to use!  I love it and bought one as a gift, too.  I wish I would have gotten one for myself sooner but am happy to have it now.', "I followed the recommendation of Cook's Illustrated in buying this. The corer is so much better than the half circle corer I used growing up. Solid handle is easy to grip and gives you enough torque that it feels almost effortless to use. The hardest part is aiming the thing so it goes through the center of the apple. Also the size of the core extract is a little on the small side for the biggest apples. A little of the core is left in the apple, but for normal store sized apples it works great. Highly recommended!", 'A simple well made tool for a job that had been harder than necessary.It is not as good as someone else doing the job for you but many times better than using a knife which was my old style.I am juicing a lot of apples and it really helps.', 'Love it!', 'I found this corer to be sturdy while coring out the middles of the apples. I can turn the corer with one hand while holding the apple with the other and still do it in one easy motion. It has the dishwasher while being cleaned. So far a great product. Makes life so much easier.', "This is an easy corer to use. You push down on the stem end and punch out the core of the apple. Peel first or not. Sometimes you get a wonky apple and the core misses a few seeds but that can be handled when you quarter the apple (a bit of trimming with the paring knife.) This is fast. I used to have one of those slice-and-core type corers but this is so much better. It's more compact in the tool drawer and it works a lot better. It's actually faster and cleaner to use the paring knife to cut the apple wedges if that's what you want.The handle is nice and grippy and thick for a good grip as you push it into the apple, and the blade is sharpe enough to easy penetrate the fruit and push out the core. I use this all the time.", 'We ordered two of these and they work really well when it comes to preparing apples for the pies. Great quality and price...........which, of course, makes for a Great Deal !!!!', 'I like the &#34;circular core&#34; cutter vs the &#34;star type&#34; cutters which are more common.  Great for apples and pears.', 'Nice size Length and Diameter and suitable for large apples.  Good grip so that slipping should not be a problem.', 'I thought this food prep tool would be just like the one I saw used on TV where the chef successfully removed an apple core with ease -- well, not so.  It makes a great hole in the apple, but it is virtually impossible to pull the core out using this tool. So using it is a two-step process.  Make the hole with the corer and then get a knife to pull the core out!!  Do not recommend.', 'Not only do I use it to core apples for pie, I also use it to make filled cupcakes. Just push down the center of the cupcake to nearly the bottom, twist and pull out. Fill the inside and replace with just the top. Wonderful!', "Does just what it's supposed to - cores apples perfectly every time. The size of the corer takes away only the core and the serated edges make it really easy to shove through the apple. The grip makes it very easy to hold and maneuver. Dishwasher safe and a great product - would definitely recommend.", 'It is easy to use and simple to coring an apple.  I can even let the kids do it with no fear of them cutting themselves.', 'Nice sharp apple corer. Works as you would expect. I would have liked it to be slightly larger diameter, but  for most of the apples it removes enough of the core. I would purchase this again.', "The chunky ribbed handle is very comfortable and easy to grip.  It cuts quickly and easily through apples with a back and forth twisting motion as you push down over the core. If you're a little off center and some of the core is left behind, realign the corer and make a second pass.  I used this to make old fashioned apple dumplings for my husband that his grandmother used to make for him.", "Great little tool as I make fresh applesauce daily  ( just mash like potatos when cooked.)  I like it, although it doesn't usually get all of the core, and one needs to either insert it again to get out all of the center, or quarter the apple and use a knife for any remaining bits.  Still it saves work.", "This corer does exactly what it's supposed to do easily.  Nice clean cut through the center of the apple, and easy to clean it too.  Recommend.", 'Yes, you can use this to core apples.  You can also use it to hollow out baking potatoes to make "stuffed potato bombs".  And it works like a charm for that too.  See the bbq pit boys recipe on youtube...  [...]', 'I bought this corer based on previous reviews.  I usually buy big apples to prepare for dehydration.  This corer will not take all of the core out of big apples.  It\'s very well made and sturdy and the handle is easy to grip.  The reason for the 3 stars is that it\'s bore is average size, and it needs to have sharp edges on the long sides so that you can easily turn it in the apple while applying pressure downwards to make a nice, clean removal of the core.  It can still be turned, but it takes more force to do so since the sides are blunt and causes the apples to bleed more juice than they need too and hence, a bigger mess to clean up.  Simply ramming it through the apple with no turning at the same time is more violent and a waste of energy.  (I made all "A\'s" in college physics so I think about things like that!)Great for small to medium sized apples but not so great for the big ones.  I will continue to use it since I have it, but will just take a knife to cut out the remaining core after slicing it in quarters.', 'I use this corer everyday.  It is very easy to use and works great.  I have had it for about a month now and it is the best corer I have had.  I would recommend it.', 'Great little tool, havent given it the torcher test yet, but for everyday take the core out applications it works great and as usual got it fast from Amazon...', 'Effectively pulls out the apple core. Money well spent. I would recommend this for the purpose it was designed for.', 'This is a nice sturdy corer; I wanted one like my grandmas but this one works as well.', 'Broke on first use.  Bought the Zwilling J.A. Henckels Twin Pure Apple Corer which is solid.', 'As with most Oxo products, this device worked as well as expected and is well made and easy to use and clean. I recommend this for anyone in need of a good corer for apples.', "I bought this originally to core and fill cupcakes. This tool is great for this. You can remove the core of a cupcake and the cake will stick to the inside of the corer and easily pull out of the cupcake, Then you can use your finger to push the core out of the corer. Then fill your cupcake (with marshmallow cream, or cherry filling, so many yummy options). We also have used it to core cucumbers (and fill with herbed cream cheese). Of course coring apples is easy too. One thing I like is that while the tool isn't exceptionally sharp, with a bit of pressure it easily cores items. I like that it's not a super sharp tool, but rather serated to cut through items.", 'This apple corer is awesome and very high quality.  It is very easy to use.  I am so glad that I bought it.  My kids really enjoy eating the apple rings that I make from it and also eating apple ring and peanut butter sandwiches.  A great product that inspires us to eat healthier.', 'the best there is - great buy for apple coring and very useful for making baked apples. 5 stars i would recommend', "I was a little skeptical about this because the corers I've used in the past  usually just mangled the apple. This one gives a nice clean cut and goes in and out relatively easy. The only fault which really isn't the product's fault is that the apple needs to be perfectly straight up and down to get ALL of the core out and can waste a little bit of apple if it's not.", "A great tool as are all OXO tools I've tried. I understand they cannot make it too sharp for safety reasons, but if it were just a little sharper it would be 5 stars. Being dull, it's safe, but requires too much pressure to push through an apple. Ironically, applying the extra pressure actually makes it less safe because it's not as stable when one has to push so hard.", 'After you master the coring angle, this thingamajig really does the job.  Core removal was easy.  I was using the standard &#34;segmented ring&#34; type corer but this is really nice.', "Having an apple corer, I find, makes slicing apples so much simpler. And this is the one recommended by America's Test Kitchen. I quite agree. Easy to use and easy to clean up afterward. Does the job.", 'Corer worked nicely, was easy to do, easy to get the core out of it. Just wish it was a teeny tiny bit wider so i didnt miss some of the seeds, but all in all, it worked really well, and came on time', 'I\'ve seen different products for apples and onions that look like they do the same thing.  I needed something for both and this fits the bill.I roast and smoke apples and onions both (not together...) in the grill and in the smoker all the time.  Some of my more popular and requested items actually, so I have a need for this in more than just one way.To core your apple or onion, if it doesn\'t simply push straight through, all you have to do is twist it slighly back and forth while pressing down.  It cuts cleanly and doesn\'t take out too much either, no real waste to speak of.  For larger items you may need to go through it one more time taking out the extras but for regular or medium-large items this takes everything out in one push.Works perfectly, has a "good grip" per the name, is very solid and cores easily.  Highly recommended kitchen gadget that will certainly get its uses around my house.-D', 'I think this product works very well.  I used it once to core a bunch of apples to make dried apple slices.  I also use it occasionally the core tomatoes that have the little white stalks in the middle of them, even though the tomato slices basically fall apart afterward.  Nonetheless, makes a clean cut and removes the core in one piece.', 'Our daughter is starting her own cupcake company so these are perfect for getting her started.  This came quickly and is great for coring to fill the cupcakes.', "I used it a few times for the apples when I was juicing and while it got the job done, I noticed the apples were oxidizing immediately after I cored it as oppose to using a regular knife to cut the apples. I don't know if anyone else was experiencing that so I opted for knifing instead. This little gadget has been sitting in the drawer.", 'I like eating apple wedges with skin on, and so does my husband. However he doesnt like to fiddle with paring knives and I sometimes skip this healthy snack, just from laziness. It sometimes seems a lot of work performing the usual quartering and then cutting out little pieces of core from the quarter, ending with core bits and seeds and juice dripped around.  I decided to try a corer, so I initially purchased another brand of corer, last month , but after one use I repackaged it and took it back - the cut diameter was way too small for the size of apples i like (large Red Delicious). Most of the core was still inside the apple!  Then I ordered this OXO one from Amazon, due to the good reviews.I can say yes it really works very well. Actually so well that my husband will now fix himself his own apple snacks with it.This OXO corer is easy to handle, easy to clean, and it takes out a decent sized core, with almost no missed core left behind.  It removes a circle of twice the area of the old useless one i returned.  The actual inner diameter of the OXO corer is 3/4 inch or 19 mm. The thickness of the actual steel is 1 mm.  The length of the steel is just around 4 inches long and the rubber handle is just about 4 inches long. The rubber handle is oval in cross section and there is decent sized hole at the end of the handle for hanging it up .  There are nice little rubber "fins" build in to the rubber handle to make pressing down easy on the thumb and fingertips.For the person who was concerned about the browning on the cut surface: yes this happens , it hardly makes the apple piece unpalatable, but to explain what is happening - this is just a bit of pulverized apple flesh that has been deposited on the cut surface, made of juice and broken cells of the apple which browns so fast in air, you see it within seconds.  The color is natural oxidation of the fruit juice/pulp, it\'s not from the corer instrument.  When you use the corer, the "cut" surface is a saw cut, so it is microscopically a bit more ragged than when using a knife. If the corer were to have a sharp tapered edge I imagine it would be a lot more expensive to manufacture, and if it were made of very thin steel the tool would be flimsy .  Anyway if it\'s important to have the core be white, just rinse/drop the cored apple in to a anti-browning solution right away until you are ready to do whatever else you are doing to segment up the fruit. But I think unless entering your apple recipe in the county fair,  most people would agree they would not bother with this blanching the core procedure.I gave a rating of only 4 stars becuase I can\'t say how long it will be servicable for, however it does appear to be well made.  I would only say that for the price, if it lasts me one year of coring just one apple per day, it will have definitely paid for itself, and should then be rated 5 stars.', 'This OXO corer is one of the few kitchen gadgets that I use often. It makes fast work of coring an apple. I like the large handle. It is easy to clean. Sometimes it takes a little prying to get the removed core out of the cylinder, but its a small inconvenience compared to coring an apple the usual way. A good product, at a good price. Highly recommended.', "I chose this because of the 'good grip' on the product.  I have to admit, if u have a firm apple, u have to shove that corer thru with some serious force.  Other than the area turning immediately brown that has been cored, I'm happy.  I'd use this mostly to make apple pies.  So some sugar and baking will hide the browning effect it causes.  Still like it.", 'This Corer works great!!! I love it and it is so easy to use. I thought I would have to put a lot of pressure to punch through my apple but it went through quite easily as it is really sharp. I do recommend this product.', "It's an apple corer and it works.  The OXO style handle certainly makes it easier and more comfortable to use.  It's very sharp and goes right through the apple with any issues.  It's not as wide as you think either.  I was hoping it was a tad wider but it still gets the job done most of the time.", "I make apple-nut-raisin whole wheat low fat muffins for us for breakfast on the way to work. I don't peel the apples because we're old and we need the fiber. This little puppy makes that baking event 100% easier. And 99% of the time, gets out all of the core and seeds.", 'It turned out just fine to replace what I had lost. I would buy it again.Reliable, I would buy it again.', "Corer works well for cupcakes, the main reason I bought it. Easy to clean, easy to use...beats the heck out of a knife. I haven't used it on fruit, and probably won't, so can't comment on traditional use. Sorry about that :)", "It works as advertised.  Doesn't completely remove core all the time; but satisfied with this tool. Sturdy built and easy cleanup.", "As far the typical apple corer, it's a good one. It's got a nice handle and goes in smoothly. The corer part could be a bit wider, but that's something I've run into with other corers.", "This corer lives up to the excellent reputation OXO has established with it's line of kitchen products. It feels good in the hand, and it is built to last.", 'Does a nice job provided you are able to push it thru an apple from stem to stern and get it centered around the core. Otherwise it will not remove all the core in the seed area and you will have to remove that by other means.', "Had a corer in the past, and it was just too small, I think, so I went to the combination corer/divider, but it doesn't work well on apples that are off center, etc.  Decided to bite the bullet and try this one, since it was so well rated, and I like OXO products...happy that I gave it a try, as I'm finally satisfied!", "I use this thing every time I deal with apples.  You just press down and twist, and out pops the core!  Be careful, though, because it's pretty easy to get off center and just core out a bunch of good apple.", "I use this tool every day and love it. It's very well built, simple, functional, easy to use, and only takes a few seconds to clean. What more can you ask for? It's really a time saver and makes eating apples more enjoyable because you don't have to deal with the seeds. It also cores pears.To use it all you do is line up the center of the apple, apply a little pressure while turning the handle slightly and it takes out the core with very little effort. If you love apples and pears, this is a must have tool.", 'Looks good, feels good in the hand, and works well.  Press and twist, pull back, press and clear with thumb, reach for another apple.', 'I needed an apple corer to dehydrate apples into apple chips. Man I was goin through like 9 apples a day with this bad boy! Thank GOD for the ergonomic grip or my virgin hands would have definitely gotten fatigued.', 'My honey said this one was the best he\'s ever used. Every salad now has a zest of something wonderful in it.I got this one and the "OXO Good Grips Grater", and the "OXO Good Grips 3Piece Peeler Set" for my honey. It\'s great to have an option of a bunch of different fantastic tools to make life fun, and dinner times zesty and exciting.Then it\'s time for ice-cream and who doesn\'t like ice cream with zestful spoonful\'s of grated bitter sweet chocolate.Before Dinners, my darling would also marinate delicious inventions he serves me for dinner. Every marinate has zest of something wonderful in it.Every muffin has a zest of something wonderful on it.Looks great hanging, looks great standing, looks great leaning, but looks best trimming. It\'s Zesty and I love it, now we can throw away that piece of sh_ that I\'m sure moths and flies have landed on to give birth to zesty babies.', 'We bought this hand grater to replace an aluminum hand grader with a looped rolled aluminum handle. That honestly was a pain to use.This grater has a very comfortable handle and does an excellent job compared to what we had been using.I would recommend this and all of the OXO Good Grips items to any of my Family and friends.', 'This style just makes more sense.  I got mine included in a utility crock.  Simple, straightforward and a boon in the kitchen.', 'I have another OXO grater that is quite  bit narrower and has more of a bow to it. This one just totally lays waste to a chunk of cheddar in no time flat.', 'These good grips kitchen tools are well made for the money. This grater is great for hard cheeses. The rubberized handle has a very professional feel.', "it was what i wanted. i pretended i was a chef in a restaurant as i grated my nutmeg! it's sturdy and sharp! a good buy i don't regret.", "This OXO product is another winner. I like the padded handle, and it really remains straight while grating a hard hunk of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. The cheese does not fly all over the place either. It washes up easily in hot soapy water. Take a few seconds after you wash it to towel dry it. Cheese graters are famous for rusting, and I don't think even the OXO brand is immune to that.", "Pros:- sharp, goes through, bread, cheese, lemon rind, anything like 'butta'- big cushy handle is a ton easier to use than any grater ever before- the whole thing is much larger than I expected, see pic I posted... very handy that way,- nice medium size grate, small enough to be handy for finer stuff like zest, big enough to be hearty for romano on salads and pasta- looks good- downright cheap for a quality graterCons:- curve is going the wrong waythink about it... instead of getting a tiny strip of lemon, orange, or tomato rind off at a time, you make huge progress with each stroke if this thing was curved the other direction...  this product would be great if it wasn't that wayI also have aOXO Good Grips Box Graterwhich is great because you can separate the sides and put on top of bowls to do huge grating jobs.... but this one could have been the perfect companion, if it was curved the right way, it cuts on the outside of the curve.... duhThis product would be awesome if it cut in the inside of the curve.... it's almost useless as is", 'Nothing special but does the job. I like OXO quality and this is no exception. It has been a handy kitchen gadget.', "Pardon the pun, but using a grater can sometimes be a really grating experience!  Most have thin inadequate handles, are hard to manipulate, are too large, too small, or just leave a huge mess for cleanup.  I have a number of other OXO products and have been thrilled with them, thanks to their very user friendly grips and was equally excited to find this grater.  Now that I have I can give away all the others cluttering my drawers and cupboards as none comes close to working as well as this.  I have the old box style one with four edges, but honestly with a food processor who needs it, not to mention it develops rust.  With this easily held grater you can position yourself over a plate, a bowl, a pan or whatever, and make precisely the grating you need.  And did I mention the handle?  Even though I'm hardly elderly or suffering infirmity, it's nice to have a grip that is easy on the hands instead of some thin one that's hard to hold.I can't say enough good things about the OXO line of products.  They excel at utility, ease of use, and durability.  Any chef or gourmand should be using them.", "This is a sturdy grater and the grater holes are small. I don't often grate more than 1/4 cup of cheese, and with more patience than a large hole grater would take, I can grate a cup of cheese if needed. This is just the right size for me and with a little rinse and dry, it goes back in the drawer. My regular box grater takes a bit more time to clean and work on getting all the cheese out of all the holes then dry without scratching my skin.", "I buy the OXO 19pc set and it didn't come with a bottle opener. I got this and it is great for opening cans of broth when your cooking, or cans of formula for a baby.The handle is large enough this my hand doesn't cramp up when I'm using it and it is very easy to clean, just toss it in the dishwasher.", 'This bottle/can opener feels just like the OXO Good Grips vegetable peeler.  Its black, rubberized grip has a section of "gills" that molds to your grip for better control.  When you\'re done, just pop it in the dishwasher.  The only drawback is that with long term use, the "gills" sometimes break off.  It took years for that to happen to mine (only one section).This is hardly an elegant device, but it works well and is perfect for everyday and outdoor use.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann', 'No problems with the bottle opener. Happy with all OXO products so far. I would recommend their products to everyone', 'This is a handy, sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans. Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional bottle openers do, keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries, and rendering it perfect for broth cans, soda bottles, cans of baby formula, etc.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use. Its elegant, stylized, standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years, and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar', 'Considering that my other kitchen aid bottle opener melted in the dishwasher, i would say that this serves the purpose of what a bottle opener is supposed to do.', 'Got so tired of my old opener bending and not punching through the can and slipping on. This is so well made and works great. Very sturdy, and nice handle that is very easy to grip and does not slip.', 'I wanted to try one of these,kind of peeler,this one was a good brand priced right,I was very pleased with my choice,!', "This is a great peeler. The handle is easy to hold and fits great in both my hand as well as my husband's. Works fantastic.", "Now I cook mashed potatoes more often because it requires no effort to peel them.  Easy to handle and cuts a wide peel so that it doesn't take much time.", 'It works well.. and does the job. If anyone rates 3 lower stars.. they probably should be on the internet.', "I picked up a OXO Y-peeler, like the above model, except with a red inlay on whim in Krogers, about.. 5 to 6 years ago? I still have it and it works great! Tried to take good care of it.This peeler is perfect if you have Big hands, and want a functional peeler, and want to peel manually like nobodies business. Used to use a peeler, that wasn't a Y shape, but was just straight with a long U shaped point blade. My hand cramped up so bad all the time! And I'm a young guy. So I got this and have never looked back.I absolutely love this kitchen tool!Anyways, this will be a good investment when peeling potatoes or carrots. Haven't really used it on anything else.", "If so, this OXO Good Grips Y-Peeler might do it for me. It is sharp, relatively easy to hold and control, has a functional eye remover, and comes with a blade cover to keep it from getting dulled in the drawer with your other kitchen implements.Someday I'll buy a $900 commercial potato peeler, but until then this will do fine. It's far more comfortable to use than the all metal type the supermarket sells.Recommended.", "Switching from vertical to horizontal took a little getting used to, but I love this peeler. I had a similar one when I first married but lost it in a move or something early on. I'd thought several times I'd get another, because I did like it, but didn't get around to doing that until the old wooden vertical one finally wore out. I really like it. I especially like the little scoop on the side that lets you scoop out potato eyes while you're peeling. Nice feature. Comfortable to grip, like all OXO products.", "I wanted a peeler that would work on large items better and bother my hands less. This was that such peeler. Great grip, easy use and a durable product. I've had it for about a month and it is by far my favorite food prep tool in my kitchen. Much better than anything you'd by in the dollar store. If you want to make short work of a butternut squash, this is the peeler for you.", 'I used this for peeling vegetables everyday.  So far it has held up well.  OXO makes solid products.+Inexpensive+Constructed well+Convenient Design', 'I find the wide blade awkward and should have purchased something different.  It is, however, easy to hold and clean.', 'This is a great peeler. It holds up in the dishwasher - without getting rust spots. It has a comfortable handle.', 'I moved to the US from the UK several years ago, and my husband thought I was ever so slightly insane when we unpacked my (very) few boxes of possessions that I\'d chosen to pay to have shipped from there to here and found this little peeler nestling among various irreplaceable sentimental artifacts. I\'d packed the thing because it is seriously the best peeler EVER, and having already owned it for several years at that point, how was I to know I\'d be easily able to pick up an identical one at any self-respecting store once I got to the US? I wasn\'t going to take any chances, so the peeler came with me!Anyway. I\'ve had this thing since, let\'s see.... 2002 (I can date this by a particular apartment move and the accompanying kitchen-goods shopping spree), and it is still going strong. It appears that OXO has several other variations on the Y peeler available now, but the product pictured here is the actual peeler I own, so it\'s the one I\'m going to review. This thing was a revelation! It makes it SO easy to peel potatoes, for a start. Putting the blade at 90 degrees to the handle is a stroke of genius I can only wish the peeler-designers of the 1970s and 80s had been clued into, as it would have saved me the many, many tedious hours of my childhood spent hamfistedly attempting to tease the skins from mountains of spuds destined for our Sunday roast. The combination of the blade position and the rubber thumb/finger grip means that you can relieve large quantities of potatoes from their grubby hides in record time and with pretty much zero effort. Zero blistering, even, which I consider a bonus.... or am I the only one to have ended up with a sore and blistered finger after peeling enough potatoes to feed a Victorian orphanage with one of those evil straight metal peelers from days of yore?Another nice little touch on this peeler is the little \'cup\' that sits at the side of the blade. It\'s there for a very specific purpose, and that purpose is to dig the eyes out of your potatoes. Looking at the unassuming little black plastic \'scoop\' in question, I\'d never have guessed that it would work so well, but it really does. You can deal with any dodgy bits of your spud that are attempting to spawn whole new potatoes (likewise, any bruised or otherwise grotty bits that you\'d rather do away with) as you peel, without needing to reach for knives or other implements.Obviously, this isn\'t just for potatoes. You can peel anything that needs peeling, of course. I have to say that while the Y design is perfect for potatoes, it\'s a bit of a pain when you\'re trying to peel carrots - for the exact same reason that a \'regular\' straight peeler works pretty well for carrots and is a total pain when it comes to potatoes.I have one other favorite application for my beloved Y peeler, and that is shaving parmesan (and other cheese).  Who needs to bother getting the grater/shaver thingy out of the cupboard when you can just "peel" off as many thin strips of cheese as you need, right onto your pasta or your salad? Works great, saves on washing-up.Seriously, this is one of those little tools that just works perfectly and - I\'m pretty sure - can\'t be improved upon. Every kitchen should have one!', 'My mom never had a good peeler so I finally just ordered he one.  She loves it and uses it a lot.', 'Loved this so much I bought a second one....that way my husband can help peel potatoes. I really prefer this "Y" style of peeler over the standard one.', "I was looking for an easier way to peel butternut squash and ran into a reference to &#34;Y&#34; peelers on another website. That led me over here to Amazon to see what was available. I was delighted to find OXO made one. OXO products are good quality plus they are easy to handle because of the size and material in the handle. With my other peeler, my fingers always seemed to be getting in the way of the strokes. I usually always nick a nail when peeling with my old peeler. The &#34;Y&#34; peeler lets you push away from yourself with a little more control. The cutting edges on this OXO peeler are sharp. I'm happy to have added this to my collection of food prep tools.", 'This peeler really is great, it peels things so smoothly and effortlessly, and the grips on the sides are durable and help your hands from slipping or sliding off.  So happy with this purchase.  All of my roommates love it too!', 'Oxo really does it the best, thisis a joy to use. I suspect it willast for years. log overdue buy.', 'Great little peeler. I had a crappy one before this and am very pleased at the superiority of this one.', "I've always switched between a regular peeler and just peeling potatoes or apples with a knife. Other peelers seemed to take more time than a knife. This OXO peeler is not like the others. It makes short work of peeling potatoes or carrots, etc. I have two other peelers that I don't even touch since I purchased the OXO peeler. It's my new friend!", "Makes peeling easier! I prefer the straight version however, because that was what I used most of my life. The wider blade covers more space but I find it harder to hold the item and avoid the plane of the blade with this style. It's a great product though and when my DIL is in the kitchen helping me, she prefers this one.", "Potato skins glide right off. Carrot peeling is a breeze. Feels good in your hand (and I have small hands). It doesn't dig into your hand while you work, and isn't heavy at all. I can't say enough good things about this peeler, except I'm going to buy another one! :)", "does exactly what it is supposed to do. as a child i watched my grandmother use the old fashioned peeler. she could and did peel apples do the skin came off in one long  sheet. she wasn't showing off. she just had the mastery of the tool. when i needed a peeler, i automatically went with the same old fashioned peeler. i'm not sure when i finally had the chance to use one of these &#34;european&#34; peelers. they are perfect. they do exactly what a peeler is supposed to do, peel stuff quickly and easily. with emphasis on easy.", "Glad I found this online. We used to have one of these, and I'm not sure what happened. I like this horizontal style peeler much more than the vertical style peeler. Feels solid. The wide handle is nice. If I could suggest one improvement to OXO it would be to make the handle a bit longer.", 'Excellent Product.  My wife loves it, however, you could buy it cheaper at Target.', "These guys make great kitchen products! This peeler is comfortable to hold and it's nice and sharp, peeling with ease :)", 'If it is from OXO for the kitchen I am all for it.  Have never been disappointed yet.  Durable, long lasting, good handling and fit to hand.  Large peeler for potatoes, squash etc. Just love OXO gadgets..I think I have them all, if not will keep ordering.', 'Love this peeler. It makes short work of the largest veggies and has a good feel in the hand.(No peeled fingers or knuckles)', "I love this peeler.  It does a great job.  It is the best peeler I've had - I cook/bake a lot and have tried many brands.", 'This product has a good quality. I have 2 of these and for few years usage they are still sharp. We are using them daily.', "I love this peeler! I prefer this style over the swivel because it's easier to control and I'm less apt to cut myself. The blades are sharp enough to skin some winter squash, but dull enough so that my blade-phobic friend can peel potatoes.The OXO rubber comfort grip is what distinguishes this peeler from others with similar designs. I can easily prepare enough russet and sweet potatoes, turnips, carrots, etc. for a large holiday dinner without getting a cramp and without the tool slipping from my wet hands.I've had mine for about 5 years and it's still in great condition, but having an online source for this is very convenient because in my area, most stores carry only the swivel version.", "Seems to be of high quality material and it's well made. It cuts fruits and potatoes very good and vegetables like carrots just okay. Would purchase again if I need a new one. I'm not giving this 5 stars because it doesn't cut certain vegetables perfectly.", "I've never used a better peeler! The skin just seems to fall of the vegetables. Cleans up easily. Love it!", 'This is my new favorite peeler. It is sharp and peels very cleanly. I use it with another type I bough t at the same time. This onereally does the best  job of peeling potatoes.  Anything OXO makes seems to be of good quality, and hold up well.', "I got both this peeler and the OXO Pro Y Peeler. This is a very good peeler. It is much better than my old Zyliss peeler which I used to think is a great peeler compared to the nobrands I used before. HOWEVER, After using the OXO Pro series - this does not compare. I would therefore give it 4.5 if I could and not 5. (Or I should give the Pro Peeler a 6...) Bottom line - it's a good peeler, and does the job for the price. BUT - If you can spare the extra few bucks, the Pro is just a league of its own.", "I have a million peelers. Okay, not a million, but at least 5... and they are all terrible. I was a little skeptical to get this one, because why would this one be any different. Well, my friend brought hers over to my house when we were preparing food for a friend's party. Amazing. First of all, the grip is so comfortable! Fits my hands perfectly and doesn't hurt my hand (as much) when peeling a thousand potatoes... or carrots... or cucumbers. Second, one slice and the peel is gone! No going over the same  spot seven times! I love it so much, I went out and got my own, and those other five peelers went straight to the garbage.", "The handle sure is comfortable, just as you'd expect from OXO. Unfortunately this jar opener does not work all that well. Instead of gripping the jar lid with non-slip rubber, it grips it with metal teeth. These sometimes slip off rather than gripping. And when they do grip, the usually leave quite a mark in the jar lid -- sometimes even cutting through very thin lids. Often takes 2-3 tries to open a single jar.Skip this product and instead buy a jar opener that grips the jar lid with rubber or a similar non-skid, non-damaging material.", "It works I have not found a jar it doesn't open, it will not break plastic", "I've gone through two of these and won't purchase another.  The first one broke after using it a three or four times, but since I like Oxo products in general, I assumed it just a fluke. The second one I simply threw away. As other reviewers have pointed out, it uses tiny, metal teeth to grip the lid, which slip and could conceivably cause injury. It was worthless, so I'm back to the old technique of using hot water on the lid and banging the sides with a  spoon.  Works better than Oxo, that's for sure.", "This jar opener was one of my favorite gifts from my bridal shower!  I was sick of using those rubber pads; not only did they tear easily, but also they didn't work very well.  So far, OXO's version has been a big improvement:  the little metal grips easily take hold of most lids, and with a simple twist, the lid is off cleanly and neatly.  I have found that the unit can sometimes slip, especially with a very small lid, but if you use it carefully and on a firm surface, you should have mostly success, as I have.", "Bought this six years ago to use instead of the under-cabinet one that was already installed in my kitchen. The under-cabinet one was better at unscrewing a lid, but occasionally the jar would slip out of the vice and my hand would get pinched.  Well, this OXO opener proved to be a disaster in every way. Like other reviewers noted, it doesn't secure well enough to the lid, slips off the lid, and hurts your hand when it gets slammed into the jar. I'm surprised no one has sued the company for manufacturing this awkward, uncomfortable, dangerous product.", 'I bought this item because I have a broken hand.  It quickly and easily grips a lid and gives the proper leverage to remove.  However, if you are disabled like me, the can/jar must be on a non slip surface to keep from using both hands.', "This gadget has been a lifesaver for this single lady!  I have found that it opens most kinds of jar although it's less successful on very small bottle caps, such as you might find on a Coke bottle.  This is a sturdy, well-made product and I gave one to my elderly aunt, who has arthritis.  She just loves this thing.", 'the opener is just what we needed here. it works. its well made. it arrived quickly. thanks for the quick response.', 'Developed arthritis in my wrists and even before that it was always hard to open some jars.  This OXO product really worked as stated.  Would highly recommend to anyone with or without arthritis who has problems opening jars..works on different sizes!', 'Bought two of these, one for my mother and one to keep.  What a total waste of money.  Even my husband could not use this device easily.  We finally just trashed them both as no use allowing junk to take room in our kitchens.', "I have tendonitis in my hands, and this makes opening jars a bit difficult at times. There isn't always someone else around to open them so we picked up the OXO jar opener to give me a hand. It's a funky thing, combining one of OXO's large, soft rubber Good Grips handles with a fan-shaped piece of plastic that grips the edges of a jar lid in metal teeth, grasping it and giving you leverage with which to twist.You simply slide the fan over the lid until the lid can't sit any further inside the edges, which means it'll adjust to fit a wide variety of lid sizes. The teeth grip, and you twist, holding onto the Good Grips handle.The good: That handle is very comfortable for hurt hands to use. It also gives plenty of leverage and thus works fairly well in opening jars.The bad: The teeth don't grip perfectly, sometimes slipping a bit, so it still requires a bit of hand strength to push the opener on securely enough to work. Also, it didn't take too long before the metal teeth-strip along one side just came right out of our jar opener.For some reason our OXO products don't seem to last all that long or hold together all that well, although most people I talk to don't have so much trouble with them. Perhaps it's just that we put our kitchen things through a whole lot of use; maybe if we were less intensely active in the kitchen it wouldn't be a problem. Regardless, the good thing is that their products are designed so well in other ways, and usually not too expensive given that, that we keep buying replacements instead of simply going with other companies. I do believe the jar opener is a handy item, particularly for occasional use. Just be aware that it might not stand up to heavy use.", "I love OXO products for the most part but this product just is not well designed.  It does open larger jars but it is clumsy and difficult to use. My husband and I have arthritis and I was hoping this opener would open twist off soda or water bottles that always seem to give us trouble.  The opening is way too big to accomplish that so, back it went to the supermarket.  I had hopes this OXO product could solve our bottle opening problem but since it doesn't, I am rating this only one star.", "I own at least a dozen Oxo products and I love every one - except this one. It doesn't make opening jars easier at all. It slips on the lids and only opens jars that I could easily open by hand. After the first week I  gave up in disgust and this utensil hasn't been out of the drawer since.  Don't waste your money on this one.", 'This is a nice little lightweight, flat opener. I got it to use on 2 liter bottle caps and it works great as I had hoped. Also works great on most jar lids up to a large peanut butter jar lid. Recommended.', 'I have arthritis in my hands & wrists. My daughter-in-law knows how difficult some kitchen tasks have become for me. OXO has a good reputation for ergonomic products. I think this one needs to go back to the drawing board. I could not open a single jar with this.', 'This little gadget sure has made my life easier - no more pounding jars on the counter trying to loosen the tops! It works great!', "I have owned this item for a few years and think it's great. Works well on great big jar lids as well as little bottle screw tops like those on a salad dressing bottle. The trick is to push it firmly so it is wedged in tight when you go to twist. Any one with dexterity problems or limited strength should have it but it's a must even if you don't have these issues.", "This scoop works great. I first tried the pointed ice cream scoop and  couldn't use it. I have problems with my wrists. I have used other Oxo  tools and love them, so I tried again with this scoop. It works so well it  seems to be designed with me in mind. It is easy to dip out even the  hardest ice cream now and the bail pops the ice cream out of the scoop  --clean as a whistle. You can wash it in the dishwasher too.", 'I love this product because I like ice cream cones, and this trigger device is the easiest way to release the scoop into the cone without crushing the cone.  I had one for many years and lost it, so I was really glad to see this design again.  I will probably buy some spares.', 'I like ice cream scoops like this product. It makes scooping ice cream and placing it on top of a cone so much easier with that release lever it has!', "I have always trusted OXO products, but this time I was woefully mislead.  The internal ejector blade broke with the very first scoop of ice cream.  Bad, Bad product.  Don't waste your money on this one.", 'Sturdy. Gets the job done.', 'The metal scraper loop that expels the ice cream is unbelievably flimsy and very tenuously attached on both ends. Although it worked well as a muffin disher, it deformed and popped out the first time I tried to scoop ice cream from a batch I made that was frozen just a bit over soft serve (I would never use ANY sweeper scoop - even well-made ones like theNorpro 3-Tablespoon Stainless Steel Scoop- to dish ice cream any harder than that). Waste of money. Look elsewhere.And for dishing ice cream only, of any degree of hardness, try theZeroll Original 3-Ounce Aluminum Ice Cream Scoop.', 'I love this. I make a lot of meatballs and this is so handy to use. Very hard to find one like this in the store.', "I bought this because it was the only scoop BB&B; had in stock at the time.  I needed a #20 cookie scoop as recommended by Alton Brown.  Turns out this is significantly larger than #20.  As such, the scoops were so big the cookies didn't cook evenly - undercooked in the middle, overcooked along the edges.Not only that, the little metal scraper broke off on the second or third use.  Fortunately, I was able to reattach it, but a cookie or two later, it broke off again.  It did this same thing for ice cream, too.  What were the designers thinking?!I replaced it with Oxo's Good Grips Cookie Scoop (large size) from Amazon and couldn't be happier.  It's sturdy and scoops the perfect amount of cookie dough so the cookies are cooked evenly throughout and consistently sized.I ended up tossing this Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop in the trash.  If you need an ice cream or cookie scoop, get something else.  This thing will just frustrate you and fall apart.", "I have always trusted OXO products to be well-constructed, but they need to improve this expensive ice cream scoop. The band of metal would often pop out of place, and the scoop's handle eventually broke off entirely, rendering the product unusable.", "Wow, I looked everywhere for 1) good quality 2)A full round scoop 3) A release slide and I got it all here. I couldn't be happier with this product. You'll love it and you can't beat the price.", "Much like most of the other reviewers' experiences, the trigger mechanism in my OXO ice cream scoop broke almost immediately, as well.  And then, to add insult to injury, when I kept using it despite the fact that it didn't work properly, the metal it was made from pitted/eroded horribly.Although I've always been a fan of OXO's products and can't recall using any other OXO kitchen gadgets I've bought that I thoroughly disliked, this is definitely one to avoid.", 'I loved this scoop!  Love the grip on it as it was easy to hold.  The ice cream was easy to scoop with it with no problems!  The only problem - no more ice cream! :)', 'love the design of this scoop. I can achieve a firm grip, slices easily through hard ice cream.  A wonderful, comfortable, and well balanced rubberized handle. As it glides over, it produces a curl that easily releases from the scoop.  Excellent product.', "I really didn't expect much from this scoop except a fatter grip, which I need due to a hand injury. I had no great expectations - a scoop is a scoop, right? Well, not in this case. The scoop is well balanced and light weight, and easy to grip. It produces nice, even servings of ice cream instead of clunky chunks. I can get great leverage. Somehow this tool makes scooping even the hardest ice cream easier, and I never need to run it under water to soften the ice cream.  Maybe it's the pointed but not sharp leading edge of the scoop that cuts right into the ice cream. Maybe it's the leverage you get from the thick, non-slip grip. I'm just happy it makes serving ice cream effortless.", 'The best online purchases are the ones where you receive the package and use the product; and it does exactly what it is supposed to do and how it is supposed to do it.  This ice cream scoop with the pointed tip is one of the best I have ever used. for the price, not to be beat.', "I was so happy to finally find an ice cream scoop that doesn't break or bend awkwardly after only a few uses. This scoop is very sturdy with a big comfortable handle for those of us with big hands. I like the shape of the scoop itself, it's a little sharper and flatter and really does a nice job digging into the ice cream. Be careful though because this digging can lead to you puncturing the bottom or sides of the container. I would have given this 5 stars but after a month or so these little bumps began to form on the finish of the inside of the scoop. These bumps don't impact the function of the scoop, but they certainly don't look that great.", 'I really like this scoop.  It will work on really hard ice cream, but I still prefer to let the ice cream soften a bit.', 'I could not use this scopp. The squishy parts of the grip seemed to be on  the wrong sides of the handle. I could not get the right leverage with the  pointed part of the scoop. It made it painful to get out the ice cream. I  love Oxo tools however so tried the round ice cream scoop with the bail to  pop out the ice cream. It works great.', 'This ice cream scooper is horrible! It will not pierce hard frozen ice cream and when you finally get through the ice cream sticks to it and you have to "dig" the ice cream off. I am not a big fan of OXO because the last few items I have purchased have been over priced junk. Spend the money, get an Zeroll.', "Just scored one of these OXO Ice Cream Scoop on a Manager's Special at Fry's Food in Scottsdale AZ. I love the OXO products for starting my Kitchen as newly divorced male.", "My son works at a ice cream shop, and when I recieved this ice cream scoop, he was glad that I got one that resembled the one that he uses at work. Until he actually used it. It looks metal, but feels like it's plastic. When I used it for the first time, I was scooping out very hard ice cream, and it felt like it was going to break. I had to turn it in circles to get anything. I think I will be going back to my old heavy metal one. At least I know it won't break in my hand.", 'I\'ve come to expect solid, well-designed products from OXO, and this ice cream scoop did not disappoint me. From the comfortable black rubberized grip to the heavy stainless steel scooper, it\'s quality quality quality. I tried it on hard ice cream, and it does scoop it well...but don\'t expect to get by with no elbow grease. Hard ice cream is hard to scoop! The angled edges of this scoop are helpful in breaking the surface, and the narrowed/pointed end works great for getting into the corners of ice cream boxes.I like the black-and-stainless color, too, which works well with the rest of my kitchen. And, going by my usual "what else can I use this for" approach to anything I buy, I think this would be good as a transplanting tool or, in a pinch, even a melon baller.', 'I already had a Kitchenaid scoop and some generic one with a pushable lever.  This is pretty good, not as much heft as the Kitchenaid one has, but works fine, going thru most ice creams except the hardest.  Then all you need is to dip it into water.  I would buy it again.', "Just don't like junky kitchen gadgets.  I have a Kitchenaid ice cream scoop, that I've had for quite a few years, so I will compare the the OXO with the Kitchenaid, which I think is fair as the prices are comparable.  The Kitchenaid is heavier, has a longer handle,  and the scoop has a little thicker metal.  The OXO has more of a pointed scoop and is thinner at the edges, making it slightly easier to scoop hard ice cream, which is nice.  As of this writing, I should point out that the Kitchenaid sells for $11.99 while the OXO is $7.99, making neither a cheap choice.  Don't get me wrong, I think the OXO is a good product, just not quite the quality of the Kitchenaid.  The OXO does work well, but the shorter handle is not as convenient when scooping in the bottom of the ice cream carton.  If you do decide on the OXO I doubt that you would be disappointed.  Wish I had more to compare it to, but this will give you an idea of the ones I have.  They are both good but I think the Kitchenaid has just a slight advantage.UPDATE:  I'm liking this scoop more and more.  When ice cream is really frozen hard this scoop with the pointed end outdoes them all! Four Stars Now", 'Wonderful --- reminds me of when I worked for Baskin-Robbins.  Very comfortable grip, easy to make a round ball.  Cuts through the ice cream easily', "OXO makes nice kitchen products that are reasonably priced and are of a high quality.  This ice cream scooper is another example of this and is a nice purchase.  The primary distinction between this and your average scooper is that this one has pointed edges.  This makes it easy to get the ice cream out of the box, especially when it's hard.  It also helps with getting to ice cream out of the corners.  My only con of this scooper is that due to the shape, you won't be able to get perfect round balls of ice cream.  Of course, that is a minor issue and shouldn't be a reason to avoid buying it.", "This scoop gives you a couple of great advantages that others don't provide.  First, the large, rubber like handle gives you great gripping power to dig into hard ice cream.  Second, the leading edge of the scoop has a semi sharp edge on it -- which really helps it cut through as you push and and makes the job easier.  Oxo makes good products, and this is one of them I would highly recommend.", "The good is the handle.  It is very comfortable to hold and to use.  The bad is that it needs to be because the scoop itself has a difficult time navigating through stiff, frozen ice cream.  I compared it head to head with a scoop from Tupperware and it just couldn't compete.  The OXO scoop was much more comfortable in my hand, but it was an effort to achieve results.  I wouldn't say it was any better than average.  The esteem I hold for the Tupperware scoop has increased a notch.Disclosure:  I have no connection to Tupperware", "This is the worst ice cream scoop ever. The part of the scoop that attaches to the handle is only about 1/4 inch in diameter. It's a total scam; they made it look thicker, by making the part that holds the scoop 4 times as wide. You can't tell by looking at it, because they have cleverly disguised it with the plastic handle. I found out when the handle broke off in my hand, while trying to scoop some hard ice cream. Oxo, you should be ashamed of yourselves for making this piece of junk, which was clearly designed to deceive the consumer. I'll likely never buy an Oxo product again.", "I like this ice cream scooper. It's not fancy or as attractive as a Kitchenaid that I have, but it serves the purpose. It's easy to grip the handle and scoop ice cream quite easily.  I also like the size, as it fits in my hand just perfect.", "The actual function of this scoop deserves 5 stars, but after a couple years of use the chrome plating inside the scoop is pitting.  Looks like a matter of time before it begins to flake off.  I'm going for a stainless steel scoop next time.", '...no kidding, and that number is just what\'s for sale on the Amazon website.The problem with chrome covered plastic...is that it\'s chrome covered plastic.  Not really dishwasher safe in practical use, and in fact it\'s pretty risky to the finish just to let such a material soak in water as you might in the sink.  So with this new scoop, I\'m firmly reminding myself to wash it off after using, no soaking - get it dry and put away.  But that kind of diligence is not always easy to manage, so it\'s a factor in deciding between all the brands and models out there.I don\'t necessarily expect this scoop to "snap" faster than an all-metal kind might.  Base metal is really not always that strong, and certainly metal can bend.  (15 seconds in the microwave can save tool and hands without seriously melting your dessert, though perhaps ice cream purists shudder at the thought.)The shape of the scoop lends itself wonderfully to getting hardened ice cream out, not so much to forming a pretty, round cone.  If that\'s your priority, you may want the lever/trigger type of cone, or perhaps a non-stick rounded version.  Again, see what else is out there - I\'m partial to Oxo\'s ergonomic features, and with everything from mini-scoopers to a spade, Oxo has a lot of preferences covered.If I wear this unit out quickly, I will probably take a second look at Oxo\'s (more expensive) all-stainless version of this scoop.  But considering I\'ve tried all sorts of scoops over time and all have had their drawbacks, I\'ll consider a few year\'s good use to be decent value.  Will update this review if the scoop proves downright fragile, though!', 'The handle is big and comfy, like most of OXO\'s products\'. But the "points" idea doesn\'t work so well. You have to drag the scoop across the ice cream, which requires some wrist strength. A spear point scoop you plunge directly into the ice cream that I used to have worked better.Also the "chrome" finish is pitting, specifically inside the scoop. It probably doesn\'t affect its function, but it doesn\'t look great.', "This is a handy, sturdy and attractive ice cream scoop with a unique, pointed-edged shape that works its way through the hardest ice cream, frozen yogurt, sorbet or sherbet with minimal effort. Its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional scoops do, and keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use. Its strong, stout neck is unbendable, and its elegant style makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hardwearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years, and its chrome-plated scoop will permanently keep your rust worries away.Be aware that there are a lot of negative reviews on this page that do not refer to this item, but to the lever-operated version, also from the Good Grips line.If you buy this product you will get your money's worth guaranteed. After submitting this product to over three years of normal use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar", "This scoop has a comfortable handle and a good shape for attacking hard ice cream straight out of the freezer. The chrome finish is attractive and seems like it would be more durable and dishwasher-safe than the ridiculous (and unnecessary) non-stick finish I have on my other Oxo scoopOXO Good Grips 26481 Nonstick Beak Ice Cream Scoop. I prefer to dip this in water before use (so it will glide through the ice cream), and to wash it by hand afterward. This isn't an all-metal scoop, like theOXO Good Grips Solid Stainless Steel Ice Cream Scoop, so I'm a little concerned about its longevity.", "When scooping ice cream (or frozen yogurt), sometimes the ice cream will  get stuck in the scoop and you have to use another utensil (or your  fingers) to get it out. The grip is great, but I wouldn't recommend this  scoop. Get an all metal scoop or a scoop with a trigger. You really dont  need a great grip for scooping ice cream.", 'Good grips utensils have always been one of my favorites because of the large comfortable handles. I already had a good grips ice cream scoop, but got another one so I would always have one ready when i got an ice cream craving. I was surprised when this one arrived to see the shape of the scoop had been improved. now the end has a rather pointed tip, and this is GREAT! it makes scooping into hard ice cream a lot easier. This scoop puts all the others to shame. I it is now the first one I grab when i need to scoop ice cream. I also use it as a serving utensil if I am serving mashed potatoes or foods of similar consistency and it works great. You will like this scoop, there is not a better one around.', 'My old scoop was the aluminum kind with the liquid inside that you are supposed to run under hot water before using.  Problem was that it got all corroded and nasty looking over time.  This scoop works so much better, even without running it under hot water first!  The handle is much nicer because of the grippy material, and it cuts through ice cream that seems pretty rock hard to me.  i think the little points on the scoop help with serving harder ice cream.  Easy to wash and my husband even used it to scoop out the insides of our pumpkins this Halloween!', "It's been a month and so far, so good, with this OXO ice cream scoop.  The edge digs in nicely into the tub of ice cream and the handle is easy to hold.  Also, the handle shows no sign of separating from the metal scoop part, so I'm happy about that, and the shiny finish on the scoop is smooth and blemish-free still.  We're washing it in the dishwasher, so I will update if there are any longevity issues with this ice cream scoop.All in all, if you need an ice cream scoop, this does the job nicely.*Update: February 2012*  It's been 8 months, still looks like new.", "This is a wonderfully designed scoop. It really makes scooping ice cream easier and more pleasant, even if it is frozen hard.  The blade is thin so it cuts through, but is very strong.  I'm not always a fan of Oxo handles, because I find them too big and they take up a lot of space in the kitchen drawer, but in this case the handle is great and provides the leverage you need to really dig.  Highly recommend.", 'This thing looks so deceptive.The edge will cut through even nearly frozen confections.And surprisingly nothing sticks.Now I can toss out the old ones!!', 'This  Oxo Good Grips ice cream scoop  has a more spade like shape  than the older model which I have had for over four years. The tip now comes to a rounded point rather than having a straighter edge. The image with this item as I write seems to be of the older model. There are no moving parts to break,its easy to clean either by hand or in the dishwasher. It accommodates  different scooping methods with ease.  The new shape is even better than the older shape. It can usually scoop out even very firm ice cream. I rarely need to dip the head in hot water at all. We give our ice cream scoops a very heavy workout and everyone in the family finds this scoop to be the best one we have ever had. I have arthritis and some wrist issues and this grip is very comfortable and easy to use.  The earlier model has held up beautifully though the shiny coating in the scoop chipped a bit when the 2 year old used it  outside as a dirt toy. I expect that this one (which will not be going outside) will hold up at least as well. Highly recommended as a kitchen essential and would make a great little gift  for any ice cream lover you might know.', "I love ice cream. Even when I'm dieting (like now), I make sure that I have some room, calorie-wise, for a little of the stuff.Despite this life-long affection, I've never owned an ice cream scoop. I have a large, stout tablespoon reserved for the purpose which has always served me well. That's all changed, because now I have the OXO.Two features set this one apart from the herd. First, there's the handle. It is just the right thickness and shape to be comfortable in the hand while in use and is covered with the same soft, black, rubberized material that OXO uses in most of their other kitchen utensils.Secondly, the scoop has an unusual design, its leading edge drawn into a broad point. It isn't the usual hemispherical shape that most other scoops possess. The shape makes it easy to excavate the surface of your ice cream while in the container, even in the corners. Creating a nice round scoop to go on top of a cone, however, is problematic. You can do it by sort of rotating the scoop in the ice cream, but it takes a bit of practice.Clean-up is simple. Into the dishwasher in the silverware basket and you're done. I've washed mine this way about 40 to 50 times with no issues.I have quite a few OXO implements and always find them well-made and well thought out.", "This scoop has a nice edge to it that lets the scoop dig down deep no matter how hard your ice cream is.The no-slip grip on the handle is easy to grasp and not nearly as thick as some I have tried.I would of given it the full 5 stars if I could make it scoop out perfect balls of ice cream but either there is a trick to it that I haven't discovered yet or my ice cream is frozen too hard.All things considered, this is a quality item that will get lots of use in most kitchens.", "Pros:1. easy to find (almost every store carrys it)2. nice grip3. may be good for gardeningCons:1. very light; hardly strong enough to fight with well-frozen ice cream2. the surface wears off (I never put it in the dishwasher or use harsh detergent, rough cleaning pads)3. I'm not sure how to recycle this; is it plastic or metal?", 'This is an easy to grip, sturdy scoop. The handle is cushioned, which helps you get a strong grip. The scoop is well-built and feels sturdy in your hand. Because of this, it makes scooping even the hardest ice cream a breeze!', 'This ice cream scoop is designed just like the rest of the ones identical to this one that are on the market.  The only thing that makes this different is the weight of the metal used to construct the scoop. The scoop is of good quality and offers a rubber handle which becomes very useful after you have made a couple scoops for parties, etc..  The price is reasonable, and as said before the quality is good.', "This is a good ice cream scoop if you're just looking for something at a reasonable price and is very comfortable.  I think those are the two biggest advantages of this utensil.  The bad thing is that it's not the most durable.  For the most durable, you'll want to look for a one piece metal scoop.  This one works best if you dip it in hot water first to heat it up and then scoop out your ice cream.  This will make the ice cream a little more easy to handle as the tool can kind of melt it's way through.  Dip it back in the hot water before each scoop.  This tip can be applied to all ice cream scoopers.", "You wanna know something about me?  I shouldn't admit this but I'll go ahead and do it anyway since this is the internet and you know how people online can be.  They can be brutally honest.  I can be brutally honest too.  When I'm alone and making ice cream cones for myself, I don't even use the lever that releases the scoop of ice cream.  I just fling the scoop of ice cream into the cone by shaking it up and down and hope for the best that it lands inside the cone.  Sometimes it lands properly, sometimes it doesn't.  Depends on my accuracy on any given day.  Now you know how sloppy and careless I can be but when I'm alone I don't really mind.  My family wouldn't approve of this behavior understandably, that's why we're not going to tell them how I conduct myself when making food for myself.  It's not like the flies on the wall or the ants patrolling the kitchen counters will tell me I'm doing it wrong.  This isn't one of the better scoopers out there anyway- the ice cream often gets stuck so flinging is becoming more of a necessity regardless who I'm making the ice cream cone for.  If the ice cream cone recipient walks into the kitchen and bulges their eyes at me in disbelief as I fling their ice cream carelessly into the cone, well don't judge me people.  It's the scoopers fault the ice cream won't release, not mine!  Don't blame the messenger as they say.", "I'm a long time fan of Oxo products, but this isn't one of my favorites. Based on an earlier review, I bought this to use with cookie dough as well as ice cream. The dough sticks so badly that I need to use a rubber scraper to get it out (doesn'5t matter if the dough is room temp or cold - I've tried it both ways). Furthermore, after about 6 months of use, the handle seems to not be fitting tightly with the scoop, and feels &quot;wobbly&quot;. It's also not all that easy to get clean. The lever portion is hard to get under and closes so tightly that just tossing it into the dishwasher doesn't do the job. It's going to be replaced - just don't know if it'll be replaced with another type of Oxo scoop or another brand.  I", "OXO Good Grips Lever Ice Cream ScoopThe other day I was searching for a different type of ice cream scoop.  This scoop had to be multi-functional, not just for ice cream, but for other tasks in the kitchen. I wanted something that was ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably, pressure-absorbing, with a processed rubber handle that puts less tension on the hands, while still providing an outstanding grip. The handle had to be slip-proof, wet or dry, as well as dishwasher-safe.The scoop I was looking for had to be used for baking as well.  Something that was the right size for cookies, meatballs, making melon balls. The size of the scoop needed to be around 2 Tablespoons. This size is perfect for scooping out my favorite meatball recipe, then I can roll it in the palms of my hands to finish off the circular ball shape. Now, all the meatballs are uniform in size.Around the holidays when cookie baking is more in vogue. I use this scoop for uniform sized cookie dough on the baking sheet. This is a great tool to use as the cookies tend to be more uniform in size. Biscuits come out more uniform as well.Now for the function that the scoop was intended, that being for ice cream serving. I found that that it works well to get this ice cream out of the container with ease.  The thumb flip works well as the ice cream is easily place into a dish or cone. The softer the ice cream, sorbet, or frozen yogurt the flipper function  becomes a problem and will pass right through the item you are trying to serve. There is a delicate balance (temperature of the items) that you have to get right for the scoop flipper mechanism to work at 100% efficiency. This may take some getting used to.Some of the product features are:* Soft, comfortable handle is nonslip, wet or dry* Yields perfect round scoops of ice cream, frozen yogurt, and sorbet* Ice cream is easily released from scoop with the press of a lever* Large hanging hole in handle makes storage easy* Dishwasher-safe* Dimensions: 7.5-Inches x 2.06-Inches x 0.75-Inches* Stainless Steel* Made in ChinaOf course, there is another aspect that is high on my list. What good is a scoop if it can't be cleaned?  This scoop is dishwasher safe and I placed it in my dishwasher and when the cycle was finished I checked the results.  The scoop came clean.  There were no left over food areas around the ejection flipper or anywhere around the serving head.  The handle was very clean and the handle remained viable, nonslip and fit comfortable in your hand.As an all-around tool for the kitchen I would highly recommend this scoop. It is multi-functional for different aspects of cooking found in the kitchen. I have found many uses in my kitchen for this scoop as I'm sure will as well.An epicurean bon app&eacute;tit", "This ice cream scoop only works well for really hard ice cream. If the ice cream is even a little soft, it sticks and won't come all the way out.", "In a quest to acquire the necessary kitchen items I purchased this scoop.  I love OXO and this item doesn't disappoint.", 'Makes scooping out ice cream easy and clean. Small enough and good-lloking enough to leave on the table with other silvers. Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced. Highly recommend!', "At first glance, the lever scoop concept seems like a good idea.In practice, however, this scoop is just a pain in the butt. Whatever you're scooping ends up under the lever, which goes back down after you've ejected the food from the scoop. So, when you take it out of the dishwasher, the food under the lever has turned into a pretty disgusting blob.Granted, you could painstakingly handwash the scoop every time you use it, but I'd rather spend money on something else that you can just throw in the dishwasher or, for those of us without a dishwasher, be able to wash without checking all the cracks and crevices to make sure there isn't any gross food stuck inside of it.In my opinion, OXO should have designed the lever so that it doesn't go all the way back inside the recessed back of the scoop and instead rested just above the back of the scoop so it isn't such a hassle to clean.By the way: it does its scooping job just fine, but the lever problem is so glaring that it isn't worth it.", 'Possibly the best dish brush ever made. The bristles do wear down however, over time (someone in our house uses lots of FORCE when they was pots and pans). Plus the hole is actually big enough to hang the thing up. Recommended.', "This brush is too stiff for general dish or glass cleaning. It's probably better at scrubbing. Holds very little soapy water in it's bristles, this can be an issue if your not cleaning something already immersed in soapy water. The bristles at the end of the brush don't stick out enough to clean in front of the brush, e.g. trying to clean the bottom of a blender. Very limited usefulness for me.", "I just realized that I've had this brush, using it daily, a little over 5 years. Popped it out of the dishwasher last night and it looks like new. The bristles have yet to go slack. What else needs saying? Oxo knocks it out of the park once again.", "Good dish and sink scrubber.  The bristles are sturdy and get the job done.  If it's still going strong in a few months, I'll up the rating.Update (about a month later):  The bristles are smashed and flattened just like every other dish brush I've ever used for a while.  So, 3 stars for being average.", 'I felt compelled to write a review of this miraculous brush...The lady of the house cooks and as such I am delegated to do the dishes, which is probably for the best as I do them right. You know how it is when someone does the dishes, but they dont do them "right". As an avid and professional household dish doer, I appreciate the devices that make my life easier and this is the best thing ever. The brush is extremely comfortable for the many hours a week it spends in my hand. It is extremely effective at removing everything from stuck eggs, scorched sauce, and all kinds of animal fats stuck to a myriad of kitchen cookware.I absolutely love this brush because it is safe for nonstick and is super durable. I have punished it on many occasions and it still looks brand new. Whenever I feel like rewarding it for its valiant service, it gets a free ride in the dishwasher and comes out as happy and fresh as the day it was born.Seriously though, this is one of if not the best dish brush I have ever had the pleasure of using. It is strong, comfortable, and effective and looks good while doing it.If you are on the fence about it, I say jump and buy it. It is $8.70 at the time of this review and that is a steal compared to what it will do for you, especially if you are the household dish master.', "My favorite dish brush.  When the price took a big dip I bought several.  They will last a long time too if you don't use it on hot pans and store with bristles up or not resting on anything that flattens them.  Run through the dishwasher monthly or sooner.  The large diameter handle fits my XL hand well.  If the price is around $5 - 7 jump at $10 no way?  But if ten is nothing then go for it.  I have not found anything better.", 'No way, this brush has a sturdy handle but ridiculous bristles.First this bristles are in too far rows, second the bristles are flimsy, in 45 days used to clean dishes before the dish washer, the item is to throw away.IKEA brushes for 1$ always lasted, at least, 6 months.', 'excellent dishwashing brush;nice sift handle', "I've had this dish washing utensil for about 5 months now and have put enough use in with it to give it a solid 5 star review.Unlike sponges or scour pads, this brush does not get old, the bristles stay intact and do not pull out like I've seen with other brushes and it is the perfect size for cleaning both dishes, pots and pans but at the same time being small enough to fit into glasses and mugs in order to clean the bottoms of them as well.Really glad I decided to go with this OXO good grips product based upon reviews which I had seen on Amazon.  I like this brush so much I wish I could give it as a gift to people (without the implications that they need to clean, as I've learned, cleaning devices do NOT make good gifts)!", "I don't like the dishwasher so I usually hand wash my plates and pots. My worst problem is when the scraps of food are extremely sticky and they won't come off even with repeated scrubbing with soft sponge, and that is when I decided to get this kitchen brush.The nylon brush tips are amazing, they are gentle to your stainless pots but are strong enough to make short work of those food scraps. There are even brush tips at the bottom of the brush that allow you to point it perpendicular to the bottom surface of the pot and clean it when you need to angle it pointing straight down. Amazing brush, just like the OXO bottle brush!", 'This is just a good basic brush. The bristles are stiff enough, the handle lets you apply as much pressure as needed and the grip is comfortable.When it gets dirty, stick it in the dishwasher then put it back to work.', "I had a great little OXO brush with a suction cup that stuck to the side of the sink that finally needed replacing.  Sadly they don't seem to make that kind anymore.  So I replaced that with a longer handled brush and liked the price ($4.50 as an add on item) and the reviews.I wasn't sold on it the first use, but then I started getting more comfortable with the different style, and I like it.I would have liked the bristles a little closer together, but I figure I'll buy another round dish brush if need be.  It's great for glasses and even for scrubbing pans.  There is a soft plastic scraper tip for caked on stuff.I hand wash 75% of my dishes, so I use dish brushes a lot.  This is a good value dish brush and I am quite happy with it.  It's not worth paying $10 - $15 for a perfect brush when this is really good for a lot less.", 'These are the only dish brushes that I will use. They work great and last a long time. Highly recommended.', "The bristles are quite firm for a brush of this type but they're spread out.  That's ok IF you use this brush to remove food from utensils prior to placing in dishwasher.If you're trying to clean pans though, this brush won't be perfect.  In that case, consider a brush just meant for that purpose such as this one:Cuisinart Round Head Brush,  Black.I recently discovered the advantage of using both kinds of brushes depending on what I'm doing.  This way, the kitchen brush isn't ruined trying to clean pans and other hard-to-clean items.  The sacrifice is having to keep two brushes handly instead of the simplicity of just one, but I found it better this way.", "Seems kind of silly to be reviewing something so simple, but this really does do a good job and it's way better than the one I replaced.  Works well, fits my hand nicely, seems to be holding up.", 'there isnt anything on any of my dishes that this brush cant take offused george forman and left the gunk on it overnight and you couldnt even tell i left it on overnight. the brush just easily gets it off', 'I love OXO and trust all their products.  So far I have yet to be disappointed.  Here is another example of why.  The product is built smart and the grip is comfortable.The OXO dish brush is very easy to use and I can either just wash my dishes and not use the dishwasher, or just clean off my plates before I put them into the dishwasher.I am pleased.', "This is a great product to have for water bottles, travel mugs, coffee pots, etc. It's got a sturdy handle and the bristles are a nicely firm for cleaning in spots you can't get with your hand. I have these for my kitchen, my office (bowls, water bottles, coffee mugs) since they work so well. Price on Amazon is great too.", 'This item just arrived yesterday. I am so happy that it did. I looked at the "tired" dishrag being used and quickly disposed of it. My family finds the brush easier to use and "polishes off" the dish-washing vigils with the dishcloth. Weekly bleachings of the dishcloths eventually wear the rags out. The dish brush replaces the harshness of scrubbing to remove dried or sticky foods from dishes, pots, and pans without damaging them. No more rusty or unraveling scouring pads either. Easy to clean and comfortable in the hand.This brush is sturdy and the bristles appear to be well-rooted in the base. Only time will tell! For now, I am satisfied.', "I like to use this brush for deep scrubbing. It's a very good brush. It doesn't cost much, and it's very good.Really, I like it, and it's a trustworthy brand in my eyes. I recommend it.", "A STURDY, COMFORTABLE KITCHEN BRUSH FOR AROUND FIVE DOLLARS. CAN'T BEAT THAT. I REALLY LIKE MOST OXO PRODUCTS. THE DESIGN, MATERIALS AND PRICE ARE ALL SPOT ON. THIS IS ANOTHER WINNER.", 'I bought this to use for my cast iron skillets. It works great. Ive had it for a few weeks and it seems to have softened up a little already. I expected it to stay firm. I hope it lasts for a while.  Performance is great. I just worry about durability. I will update review in a few more weeks.', 'Only a geek would respond on a review for a dish brush, but... Works as advertised, as a dish brush that is.', 'This brush has lasted a few weeks and I tend to hand wash all my dishes. I will continue to order more of these as I need them.', 'Durable, just the right size and does a great job. I love it and you will too !  Highly Recommended~!', "Sure, it's just a kitchen brush, but I wanted one that had stronger, stiffer bristles and didn't fall apart after a few weeks - and this is it! Perfect for my needs.", 'I bought this based on the rave reviews I found here on Amazon.  I was looking for something rugged enough to clean my extensive cast iron collection that would hold up to dish washer cleaning.  This does an OK job, but for real tough cleanup on my griddle I still fall back to steel wool.', "I have big hands, and I hate dishwashers (the machines, not the people; in my youth I worked as a dishwasher). This brush is a perfect size for my hand, and makes getting stuck-on food off of dishes, pots, pans, indoor grill grills, glasses, mugs, etc., much easier than scrubbing away with one of those sponges that has a regular sponge side and a rough side (I only use the kind that are safe for no-stick pans, etc.). I have used the brush vigorously on no-stick pots and pans and it does not scratch the surfaces at all. The top edge of the brush is a scraper of sorts - not a sharp-edged scraper, but useful for dislodging food that is really stuck on the surface in question.The brush works great for cleaning coffee stains from the bottoms of tall coffee cups. I recently bought a Cuisinart Griddler Junior indoor grill, which has removable grills, and the brush gets those as clean as can be and eliminates the need for me to use the plastic scraper that came with the grill.I also like that the brush extends my arm so that I don't have to bend down toward the sink when scrubbing away.I eat a bowl of spaghetti with spaghetti sauce and suddenly I feel incredibly lazy when it comes to cleaning up the dishes and cookware and so I let the dishes, etc., sit; I'm guessing this lazy spell is a carbohydrate effect. Before getting this brush, cleaning up after such a meal - after the pasta sauce has had ample time (sometimes hours) to virtually adhere to all surfaces it has been in contact with - was a real pain. With the brush (and hot soapy water and elbow grease), it's very easy.Hey, it's just a brush, but it's a good one and it's nice looking. (I checked out the selection at my local WalMart before choosing the Oxo, and saw nothing there that struck me as being comparable in price, quality, and aesthetics. I have Amazon Prime, so shipping on this item was free for me.)", "I have had issues with brushes falling apart too easily and since occasionally you have to use the hard part of the brush to scrape something that's really cooked on, that can be tricky if the head is round. This brush has a scraping surface on the head and has outlasted most that I've used. It's my go to brush for almost everything now as it is soft enough for non-stick and tough enough for cast-iron.", "I bought this item in March of 2011.Almost 2 years later, and with CONSTANT, REGULAR, FREQUENT daily use in our business office kitchen, the bristles have kept their integrity.This is wholly unlike most dish brushes which lose their shape and become annoyingly flat on the side you use the most, thereby rendering the brush USELESS.HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The only note for potential buyers is the brush I bought 2 years ago had a completely black handle, not the black/white one shown in the photo, so don't be shocked if you get something different!", 'We use this brush primarily to clean our cast iron skillet based on other reviews, and it does the job beautifully. It would also be great as a dish brush. I love that this is dishwasher safe, is OXO quality, has a good grip, and the bristles are stiff but not too stiff. Highly recommended.', 'which I like but the bristles do not go far enough around the brush too make cleaning glasses, etc. easier.  I do, however, use this brush on occasion for cleaning other items.  Good purchase.', "Got this over 2 years ago and it still looks and functions like it did the day I received it. It can tackle any mess or grime I throw at it. Strong bristles that do not seem to ever wear out, which is the problem I have with every other type of brush I've ever used. Probably the best kitchen brush ever made. I'll just leave it at that. The fact that I'm even taking the time to write a review about a kitchen brush should speak volumes...", "I completely agree with another reviewer who wrote that this brush:* is too stiff for general dish or glass cleaning* is probably better at scrubbing* and holds very little soapy water in it's bristlesI really dislike this brush.", 'Bought this to use on a cast iron pan.  Works great to cleaning the cast iron pan with just warm water.', 'The bristles are stiff but not so much that you think it is digging into your dishes. All oxo products are great and I love them.', "I use this for the mason jars and deep cups I have. Great for that kind of thing. Don't expect to use it for the really tough stuff on your pans - for that, you use a toothbrush or something with wires.", "Which is to say, sturdy, well-designed, and easy to use. The bristles are holding up great, the angle is good, and it cleans up dishes like nobody's business. I kind of wish I'd gone for the kind with the soap reservoir, but that's my fault, not the tool's. Thanks for another great idea, OXO!", 'I had just remodeled my kitchen and got a brand new black apron style kitchen sink. Could not bear the thought of buying another $1 brush that would tear up in two week,s like the other two dozen, in the "use for the outdoor" bin.  I thought I was splurging to by an "expensive" kitchen brush, but good grief, this thing is still in pristine condition. There has been no problem with bristle breakage, smell, mold, handle wear, etc.  I never imagined it would hold up like it has.  So definitely worth the small investment. Save yourself the aggravation of replacing a brush constantly and go with the quality. I mainly use this for prewashing dishes before they go in the dishwasher, but also can use it on pots and pans. I\'ve not needed to buy an extra one for any other purpose. I do agree that the bristles are widely spaced, but this has not interfered with my daily use of it.', "I replaced a worn oxo scrubber and realized it was long overdue,,I am quite happy with this scrubber.Wife does most of the cooking and I do most of the scrubbin' so I want something good to make it easier,,this does just that", 'This is a good solid brush, I use it for everything. Great for washing potatoes or washing glasses and bottles. No problems with anything coming apart, easy to clean.Very happy with purchase.', 'OXO Good Grips Kitchen Brush arrived in good condition. Larger grippy handle is great, brush cleans items well. Only drawback is that the bristles flattened on the most used area within 4 or 5 months. Guess things cannot last forever.Speedy delivery.', 'This dish brush works great for cleaning my dishes.  The bristles are soft as well as flexible.  It holds up well too.', "This is a great dishwashing brush .i went to reorder and the Amazon price had doubled !!What's with that?Instead of $4.99 ,now ,only 2 months later ,a silly brush costs $ 10.99?That is huge deterrent from buying it,$5 bucks make sense but $11 does not make sense.I like amazon because I can easily reorder regular household items but if they hike up their prices at that rate ,I will shop else where !!", 'I use this brush daily for dishes, pots, and even the sink.  The bristles are firm enough to clean tough foods yet flexible enough not to bend or get mashed if a little more pressure is used.  I go through several kitchen brushes a year and this one seems to be holding up better than previous ones.', 'Pricy  for sure. But you ca get what you pay for.  If everyone used these, the world would be  a better place.', "Gets most messes off of my cast iron pans.  Sometimes takes a little bit of effort, but it eventually gets everything off.  I've been happy with most OXO products I've purchased.", 'I have tossed my sponges and use Oxo good grip brushes for household cleaning jobs.  I have only had this brush a few days, but find myself using it constantly.  It is perfect for cleaning the crud out of the seals in the garbage disposal, cleaning the burners of the stove and the vent hood, and all the other cleaning jobs that require getting into crevices.  The brush can be put in the dishwasher, or easily cleaned by hand and soaked in a chlorox solution for a few minutes. This brush cuts my cleaning time in the kitchen by several minutes per task.  It is definitely a good value for the price.', "I have always felt that OXO is hit and miss with quality.  I have tried several of their kitchen brushes over the years and this one is pretty good.  It has a strong handle and I suspect it will last more than 6 months.  At the same time, I'll probably replace it before then for cleanliness purposes, since the head isn't replaceable.  Regardless, it's cheap and does the trick.  Good for general cleaning of dishes, etc, but not for the true elbow grease stuff.", 'All dish brushes I have used in the past have not worked very well and got gunky. This brush does get a bit of brush build-up and needs to be run through the dishwasher at least weekly in my house, but the bristles are much more rigid than most brushes and it actually gets things clean.', 'I bought this to clean my cast iron pans.  Bristles are nice and stiff to scrape off crud, the flair pattern is good getting into corners, the handle is comfortable, and its easy to clean.  Not bad for 5 bucks.', "I'd about given up on finding a dish brush that kept its shape longer than 3 sinksful of dishes.  This is the one!  I've been using it for 3 months.  It is narrow enough to go into most glassware and tough enough to scrub out grits from a saucepan.  When it finally does go, I'll buy another.Right now, the price is much better than the over $7 I paid but I'd pay it again.", 'Excellent, long lasting brush.  Most supermarket brushes &#34;die&#34; (bristles go flat) in no time.  These brushes last much longer.  They also are comfortable to hold.', "This is a great little dish brush.  I've tried so many different styles in my 50 years in a kitchen.  I had come to dislike them so much I went years without ever using one.  About 6 months ago I started wanting one again so I checked out Amazon.  The OXO Good Grips Dish Brush seemed well received by Amazon members and the price was right.  I was going to try one last dish brush.  I'm SO glad I did.  This one is a winner and I never want to be without it.Over several months of use I've discovered that the design of  this brush makes it extremely versatile.  I can even scrub the bottom of a milk glass and get all the crevices.  Just the right amount of downward pressure spreads the bristles perfectly to clean the whole bottom surface.  The bristles are pliable but sturdy.  They help remove food from dishes well and still hold up with regular use.  I consider this more of a brush to use for rinsing before putting dishes in the dishwasher or helping to remove stuburn stuck on food during clean up.  If I wash dishes by hand I use a scrubber sponge and castile soap.My brush looks just like it did when I first purchased it.  I don't put it in the dishwasher.  I wash it every few days with Dr. Bronner's Peppermint Liquid Castile Soap, rinse well, soak in a water vinegar solution for at least an hour, rinse and hang up to dry.  I'm not a bit concerned about bacteria because it dries very quickly and it's so easy to keep clean.  The comfortable rubberized handle has a nice grip too.  I'm always going to keep a spare on hand.", 'This is a joy to use...so glad..as OXO never fails on things too.It does its job sp easily...try it!Service great too...thanks~~', 'Bought this just to get the 25 dollar free shipping, and am back for another.  This is by far the best dish and mug brush I have ever had (mind you I am not really a kitchen-y type).  Anyway, I\'ve had it a couple months now and am impressed after using it to scrub the rings (that never come off in the dishwasher) off coffee/tea mugs, cleaning pots, etc.  Usually with other brushes the ends of the bristles get "mashed" looking fairly quickly, but this is holding up well - even after my son cleaned mud, spider webs and other debris off an old army helmet with it - (which is why I am buying another).', 'Great brush. Strong bristles. Nice scraper built into the handle. A good value. OXO makes nice stuff. Buy yourself one.', "I love these Kitchen Sink Brushes, I have also purchased Several of these Brushes as well.  There Great for doing the Dishes.  I might go out and purchase a few more from the Amazon's{ Amazon.com }.", "There's a plastic scraper built into the front tip of this brush, which doubles the usefullness.  What can I say, really... it's just a kitchen brush.  But this is a really good kitchen brush.", "Works well and it is easy to keep clean and free of debris from the crud in the kitchen sink that's left from washing the dishes. I won't use a sponge anymore.", "I don't even get this thing. Today, I picked it up to go at a pan that had rice stuck to the bottom. Was thinking I would need to scrape with something metal. This thing took out most of it.The other part that's amazing is it doesn't get all gunked up or worn down.Huge success here, OXO. Thanks!", 'This is a great cleaning tool. We use this on a lot of our good pots and pans and other dishes and it doesnt scratch anything and it cleans my dishes very well.', "I wanted a new dish brush that wouldn't fall apart after some use.  This brush is well made with the known OXO Good Grips handle. I like to use it and then thrown it in the dish washer (top rack) to keep it nice an clean for the next use.  I have been using this brush every day and it looks and wears very well.", "I have a love-hate relationship with Oxo's detergent-dispensing kitchen brushes. Mostly hate. I've had three of them in the past six years, and they've often been more trouble than I would like. Detergent oozes out at inconvenient times, the brush heads break down, they're a nuisance to fill up, and the grip is not optimal. The Oxo Good Grips bottle washer, on the other hand, has become one of life's guilty pleasures. THAT brush works like a charm...on just about everything, not just bottles.So when I discovered that Oxo was offering aGood Grips kitchen brush, I grabbed it. I needed something that could apply more pressure than the bottle washer. And does this thing ever perform! The grip is wonderful, the brush is on a par with the bottle washer and is much better than the detergent-dispensing contraptions, and it is easy to clean itself. In other words, this brush does its job brilliantly and with classic simplicity.This might seem a bit pricey for a mere kitchen brush, but the few dollars extra are worth it to get something with great performance and durability. As for the detergent, I prefer keeping it in the bottle anyway until I actually need  it--not in the brush. There are fewer goopy messes in my kitchen sink that way.This brush is currently underrated by Amazon's buyers. I expect that it will soon be discovered and will then vault to the top of the bestseller list.", "Oxo Good Grips Dish Brush is one that will last for a long time.  It has a very sturdy handle that won't,  in my opinion, break like  some handles of brushes  The brush also has a good feel when you hold it in your hand.  It does a good job of general cleaning of the dishes without any effort.  I highly recommend the OXO dish brush.", 'Durable produce, good grip. Wish the head had a tough scrub brush, but I suppose the flat plastic scraper thingy works as well.', "What's not to love about Oxo products? These brushes are dishwasher safe and they are very very handy. Will certainly buy again", "I bought this to replace my previous five year old OXO brush. I really didn't need a new one but I figured my new kitchen needed a new brush. :-)", 'nice sturdy brush. i always keep these kinds of brushes around. they come in hand for just about anything that needs a good scrubbing.', 'Good value.  Just as expected.', "So glad I read the other good reviews of this brush and bought it - it's a great dish brush.  It gets my plates and silverware nice & clean.  But what puts it over the top of other dish brushes for me is that it works great cleaning my little Fancy Feast cat food cans - it fits in the cans and the insides & lids are clean in no time (I have to keep them in my house for a week until recycling day comes).  It also does an amazing job on those little storage containers lids where the manufacturer stamps words.  Before, I could never really get into those crevices.  This does it with ease.  The size of the brush and the spacing of the bristles is just great.  I bought this a few months ago and it's holding great, too.  Nice and sturdy.  Its handle is great, too.  Who ever thought I'd be a fan of a dish brush? But here I am!  :)  Highly recommended.", "I purchased this brush for the sole purpose of cleaning out my cast iron pans.  The last brush I used was from the dollar store and didn't last very long.  I like that this brush has the tips that branch out at the top, making it easier to clean around the rim of the pans.  I cook everything in cast iron nowadays, and the best way to get out tough residue it to fill the pan half way with water and bring to a slow boil.  from there the brush gets all of the tough stuff out. Then I sent the pan back on the stove for a couple of minutes under heat so the condensation evaporates.  then I spray with oil and let cool so I can store it.  Overall this is a very nice brush for the price.  I think it will last loner than the last based on it's construction.", 'This is wonderful for scrubbing those veggies we all love to eat.  It is easy to rinse and even goes through the dishwasher great if you need a little more wash.', "Good stiff bristles scrape tough dried/burnt on food without damaging pots or dishes. Long handle gets into coffee pots, vases, etc. better than many kitchen scrubbers. Can be cleaned in dishwasher. Inexpensive. Comfortable grip. Appears to be durable. What's not to like?", "For 35 years, I have been using a dishwashing brush with the bristles configured so that they are half-cylindrical with a rounded end, and with a plastic scraper incorporated.  With the bristles in that configuration, such a brush is perfect for washing out a tumbler, a mug, a cup, a wine glass, a jar or a goblet.  Also, I like to get all the greasy stuff out of an empty tin can before putting it in the recycling so it smell.  This kind of brush is great for that.  But it is just as effective to wash a plate or shallow bowl.  I even like it for mixing bowls because the rounded end gets into the curve where the side of the bowl transitions to the bottom.  On a rare occasion, something will be stuck to a dish that the bristles won't remove and that's where the hard plastic scraping edge comes in handy.  I've had a lot of brands of this sort of brush over the years and they're getting harder and harder to find.  Of course, since this one is OXO Goodgrips, it has an improved handle with that squishy black rubbery grip that's less slippery than hard plastic, and the handle is fatter, making it more comfortable to grip.  I also have a grid system over my sink with a plastic hook for hanging my dishwashing brush (along with other kitchen items) and the hole in the handle fits nicely over that fairly bulky plastic hook.  It's also great for washing out my nonstick T-Fal pan without damaging it -- I never put that pan in the dishwasher.  I think this dishwashing brush is the best one I've ever had.  (For a standard pan without a nonstick finish, if there's something really stubborn burnt onto it, no nylon-bristled dishwashing brush is adequate.  I use a spongy pad with woven nylon netting over it and non-scratching powdered cleanser for that, and if that doesn't work, I have some shredded stainless steel scrubbing pads that are a very effective last resort.)", 'After a month it has held up very nice. It is a very good shape for getting all types & sizes of dishes, pot, pans clean. Pricey for a dish brush, but I would buy again because of its performance.', 'The brush I received does not look like this.  The one I had before was just like it, and was much better.  The old one had a larger brush, better handle with softer area to place your fingers, and overall much better.  I will keep this one that has smaller brush area, with blue bristles around the edges, but am disappointed in the change from what I thought I was getting.', "The reason I purchased this brush is because I hand wash all of my dishes and needed something to get my Mason/Ball jars and other narrow mouthed containers clean.  It works fantastically in that capacity.  However, like a few other reviewers, I think it'd be a bit nicer if it had more bristles and/or that the bristles covered more of the brush head because it does leave bits behind every now and then.Not that I'm complaining.  I'm not.  Hand washing dishes can be a pain, and I generally use a sponge to wash mine.  The problem with that is sponges tend to get kind of gross if you tackle the wrong substances with them.  Like bread dough.  Or batter.  Now, rather than get my sponge all grody, I just whip this brush out & quickly scrub off all yucky/sticky/dried on food prior to washing the dish with my precious sponge.  The yucky/sticky stuff rinses off very, very easily & this brush creates a pretty awesome lather if you use it in conjunction with dish soap.Needless to say, I've gotten much more use out of it than I anticipated, and I've come to rely on it where matters of dirty dishes and jars are concerned.", 'We like this so much after several years use we wanted to have two of them and bought another. It is perfect for smaller hands and very ergonomic. We use them both pretty much every day.', 'It was time for a new paring knife...  I do own quite a few.  This is the one for paring apples and most fruit. It feels like an extension of my hand when paring.  The other paring knives clean wax out of candles now.  The professional series works for me.Immediate update, I meant to post this under the 3-1/2 \'professional\' paring knife.  It\'s the same price and has a much better blade. I have owned this one and it\'s great for sliced a sliver of cheese out of the frig for a midnight snack.  Check out the professional one, it\'s only $6.99.  The 4" one is $14.99...that one I would have to think about.OXO Good Grips Professional 3-1/2-Inch Paring Knife', "I suddenly had a need for more paring knives so I decided to buy four various models on Amazon to try them out.  This is by far my favorite.  They are extremely sharp and the rubberized grip is very comfortable.  When I reach into my drawer I tend to want to grab this knife over the others but have to tell myself to rotate through all of them.  I've had it for over three months now with use almost every three days and so far no sign of any type of oxidation or staining.  I wash it in a dishwasher all the time as well.", "The knife is comfortable and very sharp but I find it dangerous. If you look closely, you see that it is not obvious which side of the blade is sharp. I cut myself twice because I didn't stop to be sure I was holding it correctly. The handle on mine seems pretty round with no indentation to use as a clue.", 'I have a fairly big variety of the good grips knives and they are all really good. I just picked up 4 diff ones for my mom for her bday and she loved them also.', 'Quality knife at a stellar price.  I use it to slice lemons and limes for cocktails, chopping garlic, slicing radishes, strawberries and other small fruits.  I also use it as a cheese knife as well.', 'As expected the knife is great; I picked up two more, the rubbery grip is great and the knife has stayed super sharp.  Love it, like all my OXO stuff.', "I like ALL the Oxo knives and utensils very much. This paring knife, though, doesn't seem to hold an edge as well as the other Oxo knives. I have to sharpen it before each use. Of course, I probably use it more often than the other knives. The &#34;fat&#34; handle really helps (I have arthritis in my fingers), but I wish the blade were smaller -- more narrow and shorter. I still recommend this knife.", 'I\'m a big fan of most of OXO Good Grips products, but after having purchased two of their knives, this one and the 5" mini-chef\'s knife, I feel compelled to warn people not to waste their money on OXO knives.  To be blunt (that is the OXO knife\'s fate in life - sorry about the pun), the quality and intelligent design for which OXO products are well known does not extend to their cutlery line.  First, the handles on these knives are a very sloppy ribbed rubber that provides no more firm of a grip than a dog\'s rubber squeaky toy.  The grips aren\'t particularly ergonomically shaped, either.  Even worse than the grip is the blade itself.  Honestly, this knife would have a difficult time cutting cold butter taken straight from the refrigerator.  The blades when brand new are dull and have not been ground, sharpened and honed to a useable edge.  However, I seriously doubt even a professional knife sharpener could do much with this.  Made from cheap stainless steel, this OXO knife\'s blade is simply not meant to obtain or keep a sharp edge.  Avoid this and buy one of the plastic-handled $3-4 Heckels or Victorinox paring knives instead - they are vastly superior and cheaper to boot.  Or, for a real change, try one of the Kyocera ceramic paring knives.  They are obviously a lot more expenisive, but you still should be able to pick one up for around thirty bucks on Amazon and you will be amazed at how incredibly sharp they are.  I was able to slice a section of a grape that was transparent and a mere fraction of a millimeter thick with my Kyocera.', 'This would be a fantastic knife if it had a better blade.  Like all OXO  Good Grips products, it is ergonomically designed and would be good for  long use.  Unfortunately, the blade is light and made of shoddy metal.  It  will not hold a good edge.  Of course, I normally use good German knives,  so I may have been spoiled.', 'Love this knife.  It is so easy to hold, particularly if you have any arthritic or other problems. It is also great for small hands. It does not slip and cuts beautifully. This is my second one: the last one was accidently damaged by someone who used it to pry something and bent it.  It is meant for cutting food,not cement.', 'I love this knife. It is small and comfortable size to spread a butter.  I use it for butter and cut some fruits and vegetables.  Handle is very soft for me, because of my carpel tunnel problem.', "I recently received a bread maker and the crust on the whole wheat loaf is quite thick, thus my butter knives just weren't up to the task.  Therefore, I figured it's time to get a real bread knife.  I bought this OXO since I have lots of their others products that I like, and the reviews were good.  I'm happy to say, that it's as great as everyone says.The knife cuts through bread loaves smoothly and cleanly.  I've washed it by hand and in the dishwasher and have never had any issues.  It feels good in the hand and balances nicely.All in all... you can't go wrong!", 'Great knife!  Very sharp and cuts through the toughest crust!  I can cut very thin slices, too!  I had just removed my bread from the bread maker and flipped the bread on a towel.  I cut the bread and realized I had also cut right through the towel!  Watch your fingers and the kids with this knife.', 'Price is spot on, has a good feel in your hand and most importantly it works as a good bread knife should!  Baking up a storm just so I can use it.', "I bought this to replace one of those old, very thin serrated knives that comes with a set. I'll bet that one is from the 1960s - it was just too thin, too flexible and had become dull.  Seems I'm the only one in this household who likes a sharp knife that does what it's supposed to do AND is safer.This OXO Good Grips Bread Knife is excellent because:1) the handle feels good; it's thicker and certainly not slippery,2) the blade is wide and sturdy - it cuts a slice uniformly! And,3) it's S-H-A-R-P.It's also good for slicing frozen English muffins. It's also excellent for slicing open pita bread sideways - I mean that I place the pita flat on the board, turn the knife sideways and slice around the baked edges to create thin two rounds (just like slicing a layer of cake to make two layers).Fabulous for cutting paper thin tomato slices.  Nothing cuts tomatoes like a sharp serrated knife. :DFer sammiches, I like to use several super thin slices overlapping each other rather than one thick slice that shoots out the back when you take a bite.", "I don't have a complete knife set and was tired of ruining loaves of bread with my dull chefs knife and other basic kitchen knives.  In all honesty the main reason I purchased this particular knife was that it was the cheapest.  Having good luck with other Oxo products previously purchased, I wasn't to hesitant to purchase yet another.  It has a sharp serrated blade and a comfortable handle that have easily handled all of my bakery cutting duties (bread and bagels mostly).  This knife is also nice for heavy skinned fruits, easing through pineapples and cantaloupes.  It has also stood up to the dishwasher rather well.  You will not be sad with this knife and will be happy with the outcome of every cut you make.", 'I recently bought a bread machine, and just purchased this knife.  It is exactly as described and definitely a value purchase.Would recommend.', 'OXO is such a good brand.  I had bought the Aero knife and found it to be so dull and lightweight that it was downright dangerous.  I threw it away.  Ordered this.  This is an excellent bread knife.', "It's nice to have a sharp bread knife again after so many years.  We'll try not to lose this one.", "I really don't know what an excellent bread knife should do, but I imagine it should be something like this one.  This cuts bread very smoothly.  The handle is not heavy, but solid.  Why pay more?", "I have a few non-serrated knives, and they work great for cutting meat and stiffer vegetables, but they are terrible for softer things like bread and tomatoes.  This OXO knife does the trick nicely, cleanly cutting bread, tomatoes, and melons without squashing them.  For 10 bucks, you can't beat it.", 'Bought this knife to cut homemade gluten free bread, I wanted to avoid too many crumbs and crushing the bread, this knife cuts through it like butter!', 'Pretty sturdy. Have used it to cut more than bread and did a fine job. Not of the highest  quality but very good knife at a good price.', "I tried to sharpen my serrated bread knife and ruined it. This fills the bill completely. I didn't pay attention to the delivery fee though. I could have picked this up at Walmart or Target for a lot less.", "This item has become my favorite go to knife for several reasons beyond cutting bread; great serrated edges and full handle that is very comfortable; (I have big hands) it doesn't float in my hand and I feel more confident when cutting anything!!", 'Love this knife, makes slicing my homemade bread so much easier. I make my wheat bread for health reasons and had a hard time slicing it with my knives. Using this knife is like night and day, so much easier.', "Inexpensive knife but has performed well for me so far. I haven't used extensively yet and therefor it has not been through the dishwasher very many times. So far so good.", 'I know there are more expensive knives available. They even have pedigrees but for bread this works great pound cake too.', "It's sharp.  The handle is light weight.  It's rubbery and non-slip, but I prefer smooth hard handles.  If you want a rubbery handle, this knife will work fine for you.I got a knife at WalMart one time.  Dull as a politician.", "Love it! It's a serrated knife, so there's not really a whole lot to say about it.  It cuts things that you'd want to cut with a serrated knife like a dream.  It's a very nice length and has a comfortable and well sized handle.  It cleans up nicely and was inexpensive.  My mother tried it at our house once and said she had to have one and ordered one for herself the next day. Great knife!", 'This knife is comfortable and does the job. Cuts crunchy crusts and soft crusts similarly: like butter. Also, cuts butter well...', 'We got this knife after receiving a breadmaker as a gift.  A sharp bread knife is a must for cutting fresh bread without reducing it to crumbs, and this knife does just that.  It has the nice "good Grips" handle and is a good length.  It is nice and sharp and for the price, I\'ll probably just replace it if it gets too dull.  It is not the fanciest knife I own, but it does the intended job nicely and at a great price.  Good, basic bread knife!', "After using my previous bread knife to saw apart those cylinder wafers that connect desk pieces together (don't ask) I needed a new knife. This one is definitely better than that one, and works great!", 'My old knife was not so handy, so bought this one. It cut smoothly leaving very little crust around. It is a little long for what I need though.', "Slices everything vegetables meats just everything.  I recommend this seller and you won't regret having a knife like this...it is wonderful", "Knife is sharp, handle is thick and rubbery, which is good because it's non-slip and is easy to grasp. However, would be better if it came with a sheath", 'Good price for a good knife. Nice, thick, easy grip handle, cuts through fresh bread well, and butter-saturated toast too. Happy with this purchase.', 'Yes, it cuts bread, it has a serrated blade, it works as it was advertised on the site, what more is there to say.', "This breadknife didn't cost much and is nice and sharp with a good heft to the hand; not too lightweight.  I'm sure I'll have it for years.  Cuts bread, sandwiches - perfect for the price.", 'Great working knife, holds up to MUCH use and dishwasher - so pain free and comfortable for my arthritic fingers - LOVE OXO!!!!', "Blade is fine, cuts great, handle is wonderful.if you just need a bread knife to cut bread and do it well, then this is the best value out there.Don't cut reams of paper or try to saw through wood.I liked it so much I bought another after getting the first.", "Really enjoy having this knife around; it's very sharp and has a great, comfortable handle. I've only had it for a few weeks, so I don't know about durability, but so far so good.", 'Cutting bread without a bread knife is futile exercise. This bread knife works well and is very inexpensive. The blade is only about 8 inches, so it is not quite long enough to cut bread from a bread machine if the loaf is placed on its side.  I thought I had to get a longer knife, but then I figured I can stand the bread up so that it is much narrower.  That works. the knife is now long enough to cut very thin slices of bread that has about the same thickness as the Wonder sandwich bread that I used to buy in grocery stores.', "This knife cut through my crusty bread like it was butter.  Haven't had such a good bread knife in years, I'm getting another so I can cut something else without having to wash it.", 'Oxo manufacturers, you need to understand your market. Your utensils were originally designed to help people with arthritis or other disabilities in their hands (I know the inventor\'s sister). Your "fat" good grip handles are good for anyone, but especially for seniors and those with disabling hand issues. HOWEVER, Oxo, how do you expect someone with disabilities to get these knives out of their packages???? I just bought 4 of your knives, but after trying for two hours to get one out of its package, I gave up. I\'m returning ALL of the knives. I tried cutting the plastic package with kitchen shears, special heavy-duty electric shears, serrated knives, sheet metal shears and several other tools. I almost CUT MY FINGER OFF trying to get the knife out of it\'s package. In spite of all this, I still wanted the knives. So I found a scrap of 2x4 lumber, laid the knife (in package) on it. Next, I used a hammer and chisel to POUND the chisel through the tough plastic. The only chisel I have is 1/2" wide, so it took forever to pound through because I had to overlap each cut. I was determined to get the knife out of the package (surely I\'m smarter than a plastic package). I finally "won" but was so angry that I decided to return everything. I wasn\'t willing to go through that three more times in order to get the knives out. I\'m so upset with the manufacturer because of the absurd packaging. Dumb. As for the knives, I have owned 3 other Oxo knives for 20 years. Two are serrated and still cut easily. The paring knife, even when new, has to be sharpened before each use. I continued to use it because of the large, soft handle. I had to throw it out last week because the handle fell apart (that\'s okay because I did get 20 years out of it). I\'ll look for another manufacturer who puts big handles on their very good knives, and easy-open packaging. I\'d actually give the serrated knives a 5-star rating and the un-serrated a 3-star because they don\'t hold a sharp edge.', "We have owned a couple of bread knives.  All were serrated knives, but not all cut bread well.  The OXO (and we love that brand!) is a favorite.  The handle has a good grip... made of a harder rubber or plastic.  It is also a well balanced knife that holds comfortably in both my hand and my wife's hand.The best thing about this knife is that it cuts.  It cuts soft bread, hard bread, bagels, etc.  Like with all good bread knives, you have to let the knife do the cutting and not push down.  This one works like a champ!", 'I have had some cheaper bread knifes and I have used general knifes for bread, but this knife is really great', "This knife is sharper than some of my chefs' knives and slices bread perfectly without tearing. Essential for home bread makers.", "I needed a good bread knife that would easily slice artisan loaves.  After reading the reviews, I purchased this one.  I like the fact that it is sharp, but I wish it was a longer length to handle wider loaves.  And I prefer a knife with more weight to it.  This one is very light weight, so at times the slices are not uniform....one side will be thinner than the other.  It's like the knife is a little hard to control.  However, it cost so little, it was worth trying.", 'This knife cuts my bread without squishing it and is dishwasher safe. It is just what I wanted and needed!', "OXO products are universally well-made and, more importantly, well thought out. Their design is always attractive, pleasing and well suited to actually using it. So this knife is no exception. It is quite sharp (I found that out the hard way the first time I used it and wasn't paying very good attention to the bread I was slicing; I still have all 10 digits I'm happy to report). It's a great purchase at a wonderful price.", 'I have used before OXO products and based on that I purchased this knife. The best part is the rubberized handle in addition it is really sharp. I did not expected to be so sharp and kind of sliced a little of my index finger-nail, fifteen years kitchen experience will give you good reflexes when it come to knifes.I was not disappointing by OXO and at this price it is a steal.', "I never thought about needing a single purpose bread knife, until a bought a bread machine. Has proven extremely useful since then. I even use it to slice tomatoes when making a sandwich. Did not realize you really need a serrated edge to cut bread. It's a mess otherwise trying to use a regular kitchen knife, (ok, so I'm new to cooking).", 'Good bread knife for a nice price. My old Sabbatier finally wore out after 20 years, and this seems an adequate (and far less expensive) replacement. The handle is very easy to grip, as the name implies, which will make hacking through como loaves somewhat easier.', "I have recently started making all my own bread and love it.  BUT - I hated cutting it!  I could never get it even and always smushed it.  I started using an electric knife and that worked better but I hate pulling it out every time I need to slice bread.  So, after some researching, I decided I needed a &#34;bread&#34; knife.  I looked at several and decided on this one due to price.  I didn't want to spend much and then it not work.  WOW!  I have used it almost every day since it arrived.  It cuts bread perfectly - straight and doesn't smush it!  I love this knife and now I don't hate cutting bread :)", "Got this knife for around $10. It's a fantastic price for what you're getting. I don't have much experience with other bread knives, but I do bake my own crusty whole wheat bread every week, and this slices through the hot loaf just fine. Before, I had to freeze the bread and cut it frozen with a chef's knife to achieve smooth pieces. This knife has been great.", 'This is a great bread knife that slices with ease.  Very effective blade that cuts bread like it was butter.', 'This is a very sharp knife, so much so that I cut myself on the first use.  It works as advertised, no problems.', 'THis is a great knife that arrives quite dull. After correct sharpening, however, it became one of my favorites. It is easy to hold and the balance is good... a great buy overall, but it does dull easily. If you hate the rusting and/or discoloration of expensive high carbon steel knives, this is the knife for you. I find myself using it even when I could use a smaller knife. Use a stone to keep the edge on it after every use.', "Woohoo!  I cut something with this knife!  It's awesome!  It's changed my life!Ok, seriously, it's a knife.  It cuts things.  It has a *nice* handle, doesn't get slippery when it gets wet...  just for that it's worth $$.  Best chef's knife I've ever used?  Sure, it's clearly superior to my Leatherman Wave (and my Topeak Alien, for that matter) for cutting fruits and bread, not to mention it totally blows away my previous #1 choice (X-Acto saw).  (Ever try to cut a cake with an X-Acto saw?  I did.  Bad.  Now try it with this one.  Good!)For a first kitchen it's a great choice...and it may just be the last chef's knife you ever need to buy.  It doesn't cost $$ but that's a good thing... I'd be pretty miserable knowing I spent $$ on a kitchen knife when I could've spent a lot less for a good sturdy knife like this one.", "This is absolutely my favorite  knife. (including a few by Wustoff Trident) I'm not much of a cook, but WHEN I cook, I want it to be painless and hassel free. I picked up one of these at TJ Maxx here in the Chicago area about 2 years ago for $10.00, and now I wouldn't be without it. It replaced a much more expensive chef's knife by Chicago Cutlery that I found to be a useless piece of junk (gave it to my brother -  now the thing is his problem!). This one has a much nicer balance to it,  sharpens beautifully, and as with all the Good Grips products, love that no-slip handle! I'm not a gourmet or a professionally  trained chef, but for the average household kitchen, I think this knife would be a great addition. Great for kids in the kitchen learning to cook too. Smaller hands seem to find this knife much easier to  use than  most.PS -  my other two top Oxo picks: the red spoon shaped spatula, and the red regular spatula. Spend $30.00 for the 3 and make your life a whole lot easier!", "There are 3 main reasons people cut themselves with knives: 1) bad technique, 2) bad knife handle, 3) dull knife blade (you have to struggle to cut and then you slip).  This knife solve the knife handle problem  wonderfully.  It also should give you no problem with sharpness if you have  a knife sharpener.  This is not one of the great chef's blades that can  have a lot of use before requiring resharpening.If you have a good  French Chef knife and have no problem with the handle (some are just so big  and hard to grip!), do not bother with this knife.  If you need a decent  Chef knife and are willing to sharpen it occasionally, this is a good buy.  (You have to sharpen ANY knife eventually.)I am a  quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 if you care) and I love this knife.  Not for  its mediocre blade, but for its handle.  I have 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2  use of my arms, but I have no problem using the grippy handle on this  knife.  I own an expensive French Chef knife with a BETTER BLADE, but I use  this one far more often because of the BETTER HANDLE.My Mom has mild  arthritis and she loves this knife, too.", 'I LOVE OXO products. I think they are some of the best designed kitchen tools on the market. I started using OXO knives when I found a 6&quot; utility knife. That is a great knife. OXO makes many other great/good knives but this one is not worth the money. I was very excided to use it for the first time and when I did I noticed that the blade was flimsy, it was more like cutting with a sharp piece of sheet metal rather than using a sturdy knife. I would recommend spending a little more and getting a better knife.', "I must say, for the very reasonable price of this knife, she's a beaut.  GREAT handle...solid and comfortable to chop on and on.  Nice rocking action.  Nothing to dance in the streets about, but certainly a nice knife for a VERY nice price!", "This is the perfect instrument for making peanut butter and jelly. It's not really sharp, so it's great for my kids. And it's long enough that it reaches to the bottom of the jar. I bought 3 overall!", 'I bought this for my husband, who loves peanut butter. This little guy does the trick. It is wide enough to get the product out of the jar and onto the bread, waffle or whatever.', "What exactly does stainless mean? How about dishwasher safe? I think that means you can put it in the dishwasher and it won't come out with rust spots, but that's what it does every time. Nice concept, cheap execution.", "I'd gotten a set of three from a local Corelle store which fell apart way tooo  soon...this spreader is awesome...also has a great grip...light and easy to use.", "I got one of these with an Oxo bagel holder, and frankly I don't use it all that often. My  kids are another matter. They tell me this is MUCH easier to make PB&amp;J sandwiches with. They use it for jelly on toast, making sandwiches, putting cream cheese or butter on a bagel, etc. If you're an adult accustomed to just grabbing the nearest table knife, I  wouldn't bother. But if  you've got kids, you  might want to consider it. The smaller size and grippy handle seems to be easier for smaller hands to handle - and  hey, they can make their own sandwiches to take to school!", 'It can be used in every detail of making a sandwich from slicing the tomatoes to spreading toppings on the bread.  It is excellent for cutting and serving cakes and pies!!', "Nice spreader for peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.  It's a spreader and a knife all in one.  Has made making lunch a lot easier.", 'This is the best tool for spreading sandwich filling on bread.  I love it.', 'Best part about this spreader is its grip! Comfortable to use and easy to clean. A no-brainer to buy.', '-Easy grip handle is great-Spread all kinds of foods very well-Alittle bigger blade than I like, but still very nice-Cuts wellGreat Gadget to have in any kitchen, dorm room or in break room at work.', 'use this OXO good grips spreader all the time; love that it has one side that cuts through sandwiches; handle is great', "I've never met an Oxo kitchen gadget I didn't like!  They're the best.  I have three of these spreaders, plus a whole host of other small items.  Wish I could buy every single thing Oxo makes!  Quality products.", 'Was just what I was looking for! The price was good. I use these for spreading butter, mayo, peanut butter etc.', 'I was hoping for the larger OXO handle like the paring knife. Ithe handle is just a bit too small for arthritic hands to hold comfortably. I was going to use it as a spreader but the serrated edge gets in the way. Did not really want to cut with this. In general it does not do any one thing well for me.', "I bought a sandwich knife years ago, and loved it so much that I wanted another one. I  bought one of these knives and loved it so much that this is my second one.The rubbery substance the handle is made up gives a really secure grip and makes the knife easy to handle. The edge is serrated and will cut through most things that you'd want to cut with a sandwich knife.The blade can hold a lot of jam, mayonnaise, or cream cheese, and lay down a nice thick layer of what you're spreading, but still lets you put a thinner layer if you want.It's the easiest to use sandwich knife I've ever had.", "I LOVE this spreader - I bought one to try it out, despite some negative reviews.  I thought, it's only $5, I'll try it.I haven't had any of the problems that others have stated.  I don't take it apart for cleaning, and I haven't seen any rust spots.  I just throw mine in the dishwasher.After using spreaders from Pampered Chef, I much prefer the Oxo spreader, as it's much stiffer & able to scoop better.  Very useful for peanut butter, cheese spreads, cream cheese, etc.  I like it so much, I'm ordering more.", 'This is the best sandwich spreader.  It is very sharp.  Easy to handle.  It is the perfect replacement for the one I had that disappeared.', 'This spreader really spread well.  It has decreased my sandwich making time significantly.  I am not in the food servers business, but this sure head a kitchen knife any day of the week.  Sandwich specific.', "I have had this spreader for several years now.  I really like it, but you have to take REALLY good care of it, or buy a new one every year or so.  You must dry it immediately after washing, so that it won't rust (I wash mine in the dishwasher sometimes, but make sure to pull it out right away when it's done).  Also, the grip at the bottom became unglued shortly after using it.  This is possible due to me washing it in the dishwasher though.Now when I wash the spreader, I remove the handle (water will get into the handle and you don't want that), wash it by hand and dry it off.  Then I let it set a few hours more, and put the item back together again.  If this sounds like too much hassle for you, then you might look elsewhere.", 'Nice, but somewhat large spreader.  I bought two of these about 8 months ago.  One started to RUST and discolour within 2 months, the other one still looks like it did when new.  Due to the inconsistency in the quality control and quality of metal plating of this fine product I can only give it an average 3 star rating.', "It's a good product, but I could do without the sirated edge. I want it for spreading butter, peanut butter, or whatever. The serated edge cuts into the side of plastic bottles and is irritating.", 'The spreader is much larger and wider than I wanted. I have found it useless for buttering bread sticks, which is why it was ordered.This is my fault and not that of the spreader.', "I have a few spreaders, but this one is nearly perfect. It's longer than other, so it can reach the bottom of the peanut butter jar, and its serrated edge easily handles sandwiches. Slip-proof and comfortable handle (an OXO feature on many products). Also good for soft cheeses and spreads.", "This is not a kitchen essential, but I love it.  I only bought it to take advantage of the 4 for 3 promotion, and as it turns out, I use it almost everyday.  I have had it for over a year, and it still looks like new.  I rarely use the dishwasher, so I wash mine by hand.  I probably wouldn't bother putting something like this in the dishwasher anyway.I like to bake, and I use the spreader to spread butter over the dough for cinnamon rolls, spread pizza sauce over pizza dough, and I have used it a couple of times to put the frosting on cupcakes.  What a great tool for 5 bucks!", "I really like this set. The nice is practical for everyday use. I like how the handle on the peeler is larger than on most peelers. It is much easier to hold. It is great for carrots, potatoes, chocolate for fondue, etc. This knife is great to use on just about anything. Whether it's slicing an apple or cutting a sandwich in half.", 'Both of these items seem "cheap" and not up to OXO quality. The peeler is just passable but the parer was not only dull right out of the package, but immediately rusted and discolored.  Not only that, an email to OXO regarding their "satisfaction guarantee" has been unanswered for over a month!  Dents my faith in OXO!', "I had both of these pieces.  I have kept the peeler and I like it.  It's not the best peeler in the universe, but it does the job well and is easy to use.  It easily goes through the dishwasher without problems.I HATE the paring knife.  I personally found the handle to be uncomfortable and unwieldy.  It was just too big.Why do I like the handle on the peeler and not the knife?  I have a feeling it's because of the difference in how you hold it when you complete each task.  It's not as bothersome with the peeler.  And, at least on mine, the peeler had a slightly more oval and flat shape to the handle then the parer seemed to... at least to me.*** Now I do know people with Rheumatoid Arthritis for whom this is an AWESOME set because of the size and comfort grip.  So please, keep in mind if you have this sort of problem it may be a very wonderful set for you.  I would definitely give it a try for the price. ***", "I typically like OXO products.  However, the handles on these items are too large.  I also found I couldn't peel things as quickly as with other peelers.  If you don't mind a large handle &amp; aren't concerned about  speed, these are great utensils.", "Bought this set for my father and he loves them! He already had one set, but wanted an extra knife and I could only find them as a pair. It was worth paying for both to give him what he really wanted. The knife is good quality and the wide handle is nice so your hands don't get tired cutting veggies, etc. Good buy!", "Of all the paring knives and peelers I've ever used, these are the most comfortable in the hand, and the most secure with wet and / or greasy hands. My wife and I recommend them so highly, we even buy them for newlyweds as a housewarming gift. They are one of the favorite pieces in our well stocked kitchen, and that's saying a lot!", "I've been using this Oxo set for at least six years now, and I've even replaced it once, after my partner tried using the parer as a crow bar. [Not recommended!!] The peeler is fine, better than the old ratty one I'd had for years, and never enjoyed using. Now I admit I don't use it all that much, so perhaps a swivel-peeler expert would find it less satisfactory, I don't know. For my needs, it's more than adequate.I do like the knife. The blade is very good; not the best, but certainly not the worst one I've ever had, it's easy to keep it sharpened, and the size is about right for a number of tasks. The handle is what I really love! I don't have arthritis or anything, but a lengthy veggie prep session will make my hand cramp with most knives. This one's comfortable to use for an hour or more, long enough for the biggest salad or stir-fry marathon.I've also bought sets for gifts, and my friends seem to like these tools, too. In fact, I recently replaced a set for one who lost hers during a move. Give it a try, especially if gripping a knife for long periods is starting to bother you.", 'I do not understand the negative reviews.  Thanks goodness I did not pay much attention to them when I ordered, as I would have missed out on a great value with this set.The peeler is effortless and smooth as silk to use, peeler away from you normally.  Great control and the blade is sharp as can be, making a carrot easy work.  The paring knife is sharper than my brand new Victorinox 8-inch knife.  Cuts through carrots and onions easily and with the barest effort.The handles are typically Oxo:  large, comfortable, and steady.', "Until you try these, you won't realize how poorly most kitchen implements are designed. I bought there not long after I bought my Oxo can opener, and I'm slowly buying all their tools. The peeler in particular is a wonder.  Unlike most peelers, it doesn't cut into your palm or slip, and it seems to  just glide over cucumbers.", "When I am visiting friends and family members, I often bring along one of these OXO kitchen peeler/parer sets because I sometimes find that other people's paring knives and peelers are too dull. This knife blade is large enough to do most paring, chopping, and slicing tasks for an ordinary meal, and the peeler works well, too. I've found that people with arthritis are delighted to discover this excellent OXO set.", "I bought this set when I first moved into my apartment, as I've been a fan of the Good Grips products for a while now. This set is absolutely indespensible, as I use these tools almost every day.Peeler:  This is wonderful for peeling potatoes, as the easy-to-grip handle and swivel blade help you to comfortably maneuver around bumpy and slippery surfaces.Knife:  Since purchasing the set 4 months ago, my knife has stayed incredibly sharp and is able to cut through everything from crunchy carrots to smooshy tomatoes.Here's why the set didn't get the &quot;5&quot; rating: The pair should be hand washed and *not* put in the dishwasher.  The knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle. Note: This was easy to correct with a Brillo pad and a little elbow grease.However, I don't think you should let this &quot;diswasher drama&quot; sway you from purchasing this set, as the benefits *far* outweigh the limitations.", 'This OXO item is rock solid! Worth the money, and definitly does tenderize meat. Item shipped exactly as described!Great.', 'I love the size and utility but after you wash it - it looks disgusting and has white spots etc... I didn`t put it in the dishwasher it is not dishwasher safe...', "Meat Tenderizer OXO / B00004OCJJIt always feels odd to rate minor kitchen implements as 5 stars, but this OXO meat tenderizer definitely works the way it should. The spiky end pokes holes in the meat nicely and the flat end flattens out thick chicken breasts in no time flat. It's fun to use (or at least I think so!) and it doesn't require a huge amount of strength. The grip is comfortable and doesn't lend itself to flying out of your hands. It's easy to clean - meat doesn't cling to the spiky end - and while it probably isn't rated for dishwasher use, that never stops me from throwing it in anyway, and I've had no problems.~ Ana Mardoll", 'This is my 2nd OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer.  I loved my first one, but hubby put it in the dishwasher and the finish was totally corroded looking when it came out.  It got on everything it touched!  So, HAND WASH ONLY.  Other than that, a FANTASTIC OXO product!!', 'Solid, nice soft rubber grip and looks nice along with my other Oxo kitchen utensils. Tenderizer part is heavy which makes it ideal.', 'I have not used a meat tenderizer since I lived with my parents over 36 years ago. I needed one for a couple of new recipes and I found this one through Amazon. It does what it is supposed to do. It is very well made and should last a lifetime.', 'This is just what I was looking for. It is great because of the non-slip handle, dimpled on one side and flat on the other. Perfect for whatever your needs in the kitchen. Well made too.', "I love OXO utensils and have many of them.  But I looked for quite a while for a meat tenderizer and missed the review that said not to put this tenderizer in the dishwasher.  Pound raw meat; wash it in the dishwasher in hot water, right?  The tenderizer I was replacing was aluminum.  Now this one looks like old aluminum--it's gray and nasty looking. Not something I paid extra for to get stainless steel.  It's totally not up to par with the usual OXO utensils.", 'Good quality and doing a great job! High recommend it. The grip is very easy on the hand. I also use it to mince garlics, too.', 'I saw all the warnings about this item not being dishwasher safe. I saw the sticker on the flat side of the mallet. Good to go, as I hand wash my dishes. After having used the thing and cleaned it right after I was done, one evening when I was tired I simply I tossed it in with the few dishes and utensils soaking in hot water. Big mistake. After that, this thing was ruined. It should have been obvious. Why would something not be dishwasher safe? The high temperatures, of course. I knew not to put it in the dishwasher, but I did not want chicken juice getting crusted on the thing and so I put it in with everything else to hand wash.Simple mistake. Cost me $15. Save yourself the trouble and try to find something that is stainless steel.', 'This is a Nice solid tenderizing Hammer. It is built extremely well, and works great. Smooth side is GREAT for roulade, or any  other flattening needs, The spiked side works great for cube steak, etc. Shorter than I expected, but gives great control, and easy to use. Handle is comfortable, as with all the good grips line.', 'This works great and is very sturdy and decent quality. Its the perfect size and just over all works great!', "This hammer is  a thing of beauty, but (to my surprise) you can't wash it in the dishwasher. That's an instant fail for a utensil that gets regularly contaminated by raw meat. I returned it.", 'I had a wooden one and then decided to get this medal one for sanitary reasons and I really am very happy with the way it works and cleans', 'I love everything from this kitchen line.  This is yet another sturdy, ergonomic kitchen tool that does what it says.  Looks nice too.  I will be back for more OXO Good Grips items.', 'I love this tenderizer!  My daughter loves steak and this is perfect for tenderizing before grilling!  Very sturdy and easy to clean afterwards!', 'This was given as part of a wedding gift set. I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple', "I had one similar to this that I've only had a few months, but it would tarnish every time I washed and dried it, and the grey film would come off onto my hands.  NOT with this one, and it's heavy enough to pound what I need, but not too heavy that it's hard to hold onto.", 'Sanitary/easy-to-clean design. Good \'heft\' makes short work of pounding out those chicken breasts, or thin steaks.Flat side for "minimal tearing" of the meat /  Toothed side for heavier tenderization. Great for Chicken Parmesan or making that steak marinade penetrate all the way through.', 'I used this on the dead chic key and flatten it like a pancake. Also tried it on the wife and kids and works on them too. Yee Haw', 'Ordered it on Monday, and received it on Tuesday. Great service. Used it to tenderize chickenthighs and it worked great. Chicken very tender. Unlike some reviews it did have a do not put in dishwashersticker on it. Maybe Amazon added it to later orders. Feels good in hand, love the rubber grip. Reallyglad I got it.', 'This product has the right weight & balance to do what it\'s supposed to with the least amount of effort!  And the "grip" is perfect...I tossed my old tenderizer immediately after using this the first time!  Very easy to hold and control!', "It can NOT be BOTH brushed stainless steel handle AND 1 piece aluminum construction.  Read the reviews, it doesn't survive the dishwasher so it IS aluminum and it is NOT stainless steel.  The picture clearly shows 1 piece construction, which is aluminum.", "This meat tenderizer is excellent.  It feels great in the hand and is nicely weighted.  Go ahead, beat your meat with OXO.  You'll be glad you did.", "I am yet another fan of OXO Good Grips products.  The meat tenderizer is another good product.  It is very ergonomic, and it's heavy/solid so that you don't have to pound as hard as you would with more lightweight tenderizers.I don't like the fact that you can't put it in the dishwasher, but really, scrub it with some anti-bacterial dish soap and you're all set.  After shopping at several home product stores in search of a tenderizer, I came back to the OXO Good Grips because I found it the best, in spite of not being able to put it in the dishwasher.", 'This is a good tenderizer, but DONT put it in the dishwasher. It is NOT dishwasher safe :( which is unfortunate', 'I bought this because I split the older wood meat tenderizer I had used for years. Better weight and balance and more even tenderizing. I also use this to flatten meats before grilling so they cook evenly. Very pleased!', 'I got this meat tenderizer today and as always oxo has made a great product however I must admit I was a little dissapointed that it CANNOT BE PUT INTO THE DISHWASHER. The dishwasher is a staple in my everyday life... I clean everything with it...and its a bummer I cant put the tenderizer in it too... oh well... its still a well made product.', "Its a meat tenderizer...what can I say about it in at least seventeen words?  It looks nice, flattens the meat....and I'm done!", "This is a well-designed, substantial tool for the kitchen.  I gave it to one of my daughter's and now I am going to buy one for myself.", "Great for pounding boneless chicken breasts.  Does the job quickly and efficiently.  I've had one for a few years.  Bought this one for my son, the BBQ King, when he raved about mine!", 'The weight of the material makes it much better than the wood ones. use it all the time. Easy to use.', "Recently I was in the market for a new meat tenderizer.  I'm a down home country girl, and I like to prepare my meat properly prior to devouring.  I have found that the best way to seal in the juices on a nice thick premium cut of meat is to pound the hell out of it repeatedly while screaming in German.  This not only tenderizes the meat but terrorizes it in to submission.  Note: This works esspecially well on meat from a KOSHER deli.  The OXO Good Grips Meat Tenderizer lives up to its name, don't be fooled by naysayers.  The violence with which I wield this heavenly instrument of meat rivals that of the Norse gods of yore, and yet nary a time has my grip slipped.  It holds up well to blood spatter, vitreole, and even the occasional lymphatic fluid bursting from my tasty nemesis: meat.Anywho, I hope you enjoy the product as much as I have.  Further note: do not make the mistake of utilizing this equipment as a sexual aid, as despite it's name it does NOT cure Erectile Dysfunction.  My husband and I had to learn this the hard way!Bon Appetit!", "This was my first tenderizer and I think it is great.  I've used it 15 times or so now and it is easy to use and clean.  The entire unit feels like it is top quality and the handle is comfortable to use.  I'm sure it will be around for years to come.", 'received as a gift -- love it. the handle is comfortable and I am able to flatten what i need quickly. great gift!', 'I purchased this item from target. Its very sturdy and not too heavy. It really does make a difference when you cook your meat. I recommend this item', 'I have been looking for a meat tenderizer for a while at my local kicthen supply stores but it was either too expenssive or low quality. This one I got from azamon is all I would expect, massive aluminum with a good handle, just perfect.', 'This does the job fine, but if I had it to do over again, I would have gotten an all stainless one.  Not being able to put this in the dishwasher is a huge drawback.  My two favorite words are "dishwasher safe," but to not be able to put something that touches raw poultry in the diswasher is insult to injury.  I am pricing others and it looks like I\'ll be dropping at least $18.', 'Nice hefty feel in your hand. Takes tough cuts and makes them tender. I use this daily! Clean up is quick and easy', 'I like it becase its light weight and I have trouble with mywrist and I can use this with ease yes id recommend', 'good tenderizer, seems to have the right weight and bounce for the home cook, not to big easy to store. and looks good.', 'OXO products show the thought that goes into them.  Someone once told me in the oil business that the drillers were in the business of selling holes in the ground, but you cannot buy a hole you have to buy the tools to make one.  Improvement on tools to make good meals is really a technological improvement and OXO has been reinventing the basic tools with incredible success.', 'My wife and I both use it with no problems. We hand wash it like many other things, so the dishwasher is irrelevant. should last for years, at least we hope so.', 'OXO products are always great quality - - - a good addition to any kitchen.', "I don't know if I have ever purchase an OXO product that I didn't like, or that didn't suit its purpose, but Amazon offers a great selection and price for these tools.  I got this for my daughter, who loves the weight and the balance.", 'Easy to hold and use, could be a little heavier, but works fine. Used it on some chicken breasts and they came out well.', 'This meat hammer arrived quickly and is of great quality.  The handle is rubberized for an easy grip and the hammer has two heads for different applications.  Highly recommended!', 'I am amazed at the power that this tenderizer has.If you ever needed it for other tasks, I am sure it would stand up to it.It is the best tasting meat I have ever had in my life using this OXO kitchen tool. Oxo rules!', 'very good tenderizer.  The handle is firm but soft and so easy to use.  The metal it is made from works perfectly and does a great job.  I bought one for myself and our 6 children', 'I love all my OXO products.  This  works great and is  an excellent purchase for the price.', "I used this for several years, and it is fine for what it is.  I like the handle, but the head is a bit small, which can tear the meat.I've since replaced it with the i-series version, which I like a lot better:OXO Good Grips 1057946 i-Series Meat PounderIf this review was helpful, please mark it as such.", "I love it.  I've had just a few weeks but have used already a couple of times and it works great.  Its a lifer if its treated right.  Good price too.", 'This is great!  Pounds even the toughest steaks down and breaks the fibers of the meat, so that is becomes a lot more chewable.  I am finding with some of the OXO products with the black handles that one should not put them in the dishwasher because the handle may wear away.  So I just wash it out by hand and use it for next time!', 'As I have said in other reviews, I love the uality, heft and grip of OXO products. I would buy this product again.', "I do not want to be washing a product contacting raw meat by hand.  Because aluminum discolors you really need to hand wash it...  My solution was to cover the meat with several layers of plastic wrap.  This keeps the meat from getting on the unit and so I am okay with hand washing it.That said I have only used the pounding side, not the tenderizing side.  I think it would probably work with the plastic wrap but not as well.This is a good and very reasonably priced unit, as most of oxo's are.  I find their handles a bit odd feeling but alot of people really do find them comfortable so I think that is just me.  For the cost, I am willing to put up with the handle.If I had a choice and could have just gotten a unit with the flat side I would have, this is a bit big and oddly shaped for storage.  But I find it a useful thing to have so I put up with the storage issue.In general, I admire oxo's line for putting out reasonablly priced kitchen gadgets.  There are alot of high end lines that put out the same items but don't work appreciably (or any) better than this line.  If your new to cooking or find yourself needing a gadget for a certain recipe and are unsure that you will be using it again...this is a great company to check out first.", 'The grip is exactly what my arthritic hand needed.  Love it for mashing anything.', 'Works very good', 'It did the job, but takes more time to to mash up potatoes than my old Tupperware masher.  Wish I bought the new Oxo masher, that has a flat grill surface, I think it would do a better job.I like to use this because it feels good, solid when mashing.  Like all Oxo products, I think its because of the good-sized, soft handle, and sturdy construction.', 'Using this masher made things a lot easier than trying to mash with a utensil that is not made for this specific purpose. Not essential, but makes life a lot easier and cooking a lot more enjoyable!', "Very easy to hold while mashing taters. It does leave them fairly lumpy unless you're a mashing master. Easy to clean, easy to use. Simple sturdy product that does what its supposed to.", 'I decided to finally retire my old homemade hand-welded masher made by an old family member. It was too short for average amounts of mashed root veggies. I had decided to match my new melon baller also from OXO. My OXO purchases have all been great replacements for all my antiquated kitchen tools. Nothing like working more ergonomically and efficiently as we get older.', "This masher is useful and sturdy and I can see why people love it but it is HUGE. I live in a tiny apartment with a galley kitchen and this thing barely first into a drawer. I'm finding this is a general concern with the Good Grips brand.", 'Great sturdy design!! The handle is well made, soft on the hands, good non-slip grip but yet durable. The heavy duty stainless steel designed wire mesh does every job perfect.Charms', 'This is a perfect size for mashing potatoes in my deep ancient bowl. The handle is long enough to keep my hands out of the mash, and short enough to concentrate the force. The wiggles easily cut through the potatoes, but are close enough to each other that I can move them around as with a spoon. My potatoes come out beautifully every time.', "My last masher (from a respected and pricey brand name) couldn't take the pressure-literally!  One day I'm just mashing up a batch of potatoes and *snap&#34; it's time for the trash bin.  That's why I bought this masher from OXO.This one is a solid, heavy-gauge steel wire that goes all the way up into the sturdy handle.  I'm not sure I could break it if I tried!  Works great at mashing (just as good as one with square or circle holes), and the large grip makes it easy to hold even if you get a little butter on your hands (trust me, I have done it).", 'I am so happy to have this larger, wider handle grip on this potato masher. Our old masher had a thin handle and was tiring to use. The wider grip makes mashing potatoes easy to do without any strain.', 'Sturdy metal potato smasher, which gets used by us for everything but mashing potatoes.  We use this metal potato masher for breaking down ground beef, ground turkey and sausage for things like spaghetti sauces and lasagna or any other dish that requires crumbled meat.  It is a trick I learned from some show on Food Network, and once I learned this trick, it really made that step in cooking so much easier.  Also, we have tried it with plastic potato mashers and it does not work as well.  Metal potato smashes for crumbled cooked meat.  It just makes sense.', 'I use this product  to mash my black beans, onions, & green chilis.  It takes a little strength to use & a little time, but I have no complaints. It is a well made piece & is easy to clean when I hand wash it.  I use this occasionally, & it has been durable so far.', 'I need a Potato Masher. Works great. It is strong and durable. Has a good feel with the handle which feels good in my hand.', 'I have used this masher maybe 20 times and it has held up just fine and shown no wear. It has a comfortable grip that is easy to hold. The design works well for easily mashing potatoes. The entire item is easy to clean and is a good value as the price is relatively low.', 'It is sturdy and very well made. I also like the design .It is made gadgets were made years ago.', "This is a good potato masher. The thickness of the &#34;wire&#34; or whatever you call it is a little more than I would have expected. But it does a fine job of quickly mashing potatoes, which is the whole point. You'll wind up with some potato remnants between the loops if you don't scrape it off well with a spoon or something after mashing, but that's to be expected. In general, works as expected. Nothing special.", 'I am in love with this brand!  OXO Good Grips is just great kitchen products.  This masher is the reason my arthritic self can make mashed potatoes without pain, LOL!', "I had a flimsy potato masher with a terrible handle I could hardly wait to get rid of.  This one is easy and comfortable to use,very sturdy and  does exactly what is supposed to do.  Buy it!  You won't regret it.", "I had been using a hand-held beater to mash potatoes.  The OXO masher works great.  Mashes quickly and don't have to go through all the hassle assembling and then taking apart the hand-held beater.  Love this masher.", "For my husbands and I's first Christmas I asked for a potato masher. He got this exact one and I can say that I've used it once a week for 10 years and its still perfect. The handle is just fine and it never rusted or anything. I love all the Oxo products, they really do last years and years. I've bought other companies products for the kitchen and they fall apart, is I specifically look for Oxo Good Grips whenever I go get a kitchen gadget because I know it will last for years. One tip, after you mash the potatoes rinse off the potato from the masher because once that potato dries it takes alot of work to remove.", 'Old fashioned masher is just what I wanted and this works great. Substantial too, not flimsy.Great for anyone and anything; potatoes, gravy, even dough.', "I have always used my electric mixer for mashed potatoes. I saw this in the store and thought I would try it out. It works great.. easy to use and best of all I don't have to mess with my mixer. Love it. 5 stars!!!", "Comfortable handle, food adequately mashed.  Better quality than the similar style one that this replaced; since it's OXO, expect it to last for awhile.", 'Its a potato masher,  Good and firm,  Love to mash my own potatoes rather than use the instant ones, Just ad a little butter, a bit of carnation mill and its like the ole days and you get real mashed potatoes', "I love this product because it's not big, and it is sturdy.  It does its job in mashing pretty much anything you want.", 'It mashes potatoes as well we anything else that can be masked like turnips, carrots, egg plant, etc.  The best aspect is the handle, as all Oxo Good Grips it it very comfortable and it is ideal for anyone like myself who suffers from RMS (repetitive motion syndrome).', 'I needed something to mash fruits and vegtables with out bringing out the big guns. I had purchaced one of those plastic round mashers with a grid. It was not user frendly. The holes were too small, they were always plugging up.This works great, has substance and gets the job done easily', "Sometimes the simplest kitchen tools make things easier than electronic ones. I'm sure this potato masher will last forever. Nice weight & grip.", 'This is a great, old-fashioned style of potato masher, which produces the type of mashed potatoes I remember from my childhood. What it has, though, that ones from many years ago did not is the OXO ergonometric design, with a comfortable handle. It also contains a hole at the top of the handle for hanging on a rack.This is excellent not only for potatoes, but for apples, carrots, various kinds of squash, turnips and other soft-cooked fruits and vegetables.The masher is made of durable stainless steel that helps you avoid rust.', "I love OXO Good Grips, and own a ton of their products. This one is solid, durable, and awesome, except it is more difficult than my previous masher to get the edges of my pot. My previous masher has a circular head, which works well for curved pots, but this one is straight and just takes a bit more effort. It really isn't a problem for me, and I still use it, but it's certainly a flaw.", "I purchased this masher today and wasnt surprised at the quality. I have long known that oxo good grips makes the best product. My drawer is filled with their products. The masher is another example of the company's wonderful quality. I'll have this for years. The handle is rubber and is easy on the hands yet durable. The steel is high quality. I just love oxo...!", "I love this masher. The potatoes don't get stuck in it when you mash them like they did in my criss cross one", 'I purchased Several OXO Good Grips including a Lemon/Lime Reamer, Cheese Plane, Wire Potato Masher and Box Grader.  They were all reasonably priced and are made of good quality material.  The potato masher is the best that I have ever used and I use it for everything.  I like to mix bell pepper and onions in ground beef instead of using a large spoon.  Add a can of black olives in the mix and mash them up also.  I would recommend this brand.  The handle has a nice grip and is nice and soft.  I considered this brand because I have the wire whisks and other products by OXO.', 'It mashes the potatoes just great. Easy to use, and easy to clean. No complaints from me or my husband.', "This replaced my old masher of 20+ years, love the OXO grip.  You can't go wrong with an old standard, it worked great for breaking up potatoes.  My only complaint is that it could be longer, this is great for a standard pot but if you're using it for a bigger stock pot you'll have to really get in there to get it to reach the bottom.", 'This is my favorite style potato masher. It works just like it should, good rubber handle. I am happy with it.', "This wire potato masher, like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability, and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design, hefty body, and big, pressure-absorbing, non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers, are the reasons why you'll prefer this product over the more traditional models, as they will allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use while keeping you away from any stress-related injuries.Its elegant, stylized shape fits seamlessly with the rest of the OXO Good Grips collection, and it also comes with an oversized hole at the tip of the handle for easy hanging, and a strong, stout double-wire neck guaranteed to be unbendable.Overall, this masher is perfect to mash potatoes, apples, pumpkins, carrots and other such foods, especially handy if you have a baby in the house. Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make it an addition that will prove a dependable part of your cooking equipment for years. Furthermore, its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal, everyday use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar", "Haven't purchased a bad OXO gadget yet.  This one will definetly hold up.  I have used mine for a long time and this one was for my grandaughter.", 'What can you say it is built solid and does its job', 'the best masher. makes my potatoes into mashed potatoes. my fruit into jam and works great highly recommend. 5 stars.', 'This "potato masher" is perfect if you like "smashed" potatoes rather than mashed, and you like to leave the skin on your potatoes.  I had the kind with the flat head and holes and it works fine for peeled potatoes.  If I left the peels on, they got stuck in the holes and I kept having to clean them out.  You also end up with smooth potatoes rather than lumpy like I prefer.  So I purchased this "masher" and couldn\'t be happier.  It makes perfect "smashed" potatoes and any other root vegetables.  The other thing I use it for (and one reason why I bought this kind of masher) is to break up hamburger or sausage in a frying pan.  It works so much better (and faster) than a wooden spoon.  Just be careful if you are using a non-stick pan not to scrape the bottom of the pan.  Another good use for this masher is to break up whole tomatoes from a can.  Just dump them into a bowl and mash away.Like all other Oxo products, this masher is well made and will probably last for a very long time.', "I made the pefect lumpy potatoes with this.  Sounds odd, but that's what I wanted.  I have a ricer, but I wanted the mashed potatoes from my childhood.  I went out and bought this specifically for the task.  I have no regrets or complaints.  The handle felt fine, better than what my mother used to have.  I remember hers having more mashing surface, but that may be because I was young.  This one seems compact, so it works fine for a small amount of potatoes in a smaller bowl (perfect for me.)If you want ultra smooth, this isn't the product for you.  Get the Oxo ricer.", "So far I have to say that this is the best masher I've ever had, and at 65, I have had or used any number of them.  The &#34;wire&#34; portion is solid, sturdy and will never bend.  The handle is long, has an adequate circumference and is padded, making it easy to grip and at the same time, comfortable.  To top it all off, the end of the handle has extra padding on it so when you bear down it doesn't feel uncomfortable.  Great product and worth the price!", 'This works very well. It is very much like the one my mother used when I was a kid. It is also much cheaper to use than a hand mixer.', 'My wife loved it and uses it to make the best mashed potatoes ever!  Yeah, it is a tool that is comfortable and works nicely.  I would recommend it.', "I've not found an OXO product I dislike yet.  This one replaces my decades old masher, which had a too-small handle that hurt my hand when used.", "This baby comes in handy with mashing vegetables and other ingredients, as well. It's become one of my favorite kitchen tools.", 'This is a fine potato masher.  I am partial to a lot of the OXO kitchen implements.  This was a decent price, but to be honest, the reason I ordered this from Amazon was to take advantage of the "Buy Three, Get Four Free" offer.  I have used this offer several times, and it makes it well worthwhile to order four items and get the least expensive free.  I LOVE AMAZON!', 'This design has been around for a while and it does its job. The handle is very comfortable. 10lbs of potatoes for Thanksgiving, done.', 'We tried the newer designs for a potato masher and returned to this classic.  Works so much better, strongly built.', "I love making mashed potatoes.  It's cheap and you can make it all different ways.  This bad boy makes things a lot easier.", 'This product is like a form of black magic. My wife started with a bowl full of boiled potatoes, some milk and this wizards instrument. Before long, the sorcery of this product yielded mashed potatoes. Unlike anything I have ever seen.That was more fun to write than &#34;Comfortable handle, mashes potatoes well&#34;', "OXO does have a pretty good record of making good, solid and useful kitchen utensils. This is no exception. It's a bit shorter than some mashers, but seems extra solid with a good, easy-to-grip handle. Mash away . . . potatoes, winter squash and sweet potatoes have no chance . . .", "Well crafted potato masher that was desperately needed in my kitchen!  It's merely been used a couple times, but cannot foresee it falling apart or having any problems due to its sturdy build.", 'Works fine but cheaper mashers just as good!  Not sure what else to say about this product but it is sturdy, has a good grip and works really well...this will last a long time!', "Nothing fancy, just mashin' action. I would give it 5 stars if the handle was a bit more comfortable (just hard plastic as opposed to something more comfortable, but it's not like you use it that much) and if the design was closer to the honeycomb open-hole idea instead of the curvy wires, which leave more lumps in your mashed potatoes. But really, if you want perfectly lump-free mashed potatoes, you should be using a ricer, not a masher.", 'My ancient wire potato masher finally gave up the ghost, after forty or more years of frequent use and passes through the dish washer.  I am very happy with the OXO Good Grips Wire Potato Masher.  It is far superior to the two plastic mashers I bought while trying to replace the old wire style.  I recommend this product highly, and without reservation.', 'What can you say about a potato masher...It mashes....I bought this one because its a Oxo. A brand I can trust.', "If you use a cheese plane or have plans to use one, this is a good one.  If you do not use a cheese plane, you can probably get by without this.It is good at making uniform slices of cheese which are on the thin side.  A vegetable peeler is better for making parmesan curls.As usual it has OXO's ergonomic, grippy handle.  I like using this utensil for making cheese slices for an appetizer tray.", "The main problem with this product is that the metal part is way too flexible. It bends all over the place when you are trying to use it to make a slice of cheese. It needs to be much more rigid than it is. When it does actually cut, the slices it makes are nearly transparent. Way too thin.Spend a little more money and get something that's made out of rigid steel and doesn't flex and bend all over when trying to use it. Big let down.", 'We love this cheese slicer. It is very sharp and the cheese does not stick to it. II have bought several items from OXO recently and love them all.', "it is simple, cheap and does the job, not the perfect thing you can get of course. I don't use it that often though.", 'I bought this because... I have issues with kitchen accessories.. I want to own all of them! LOL! It works great and looks nice. I like that you can wash it in the dishwasher without worrying it will rust or break over the long run. Good solid product for a very reasonable price.', "I'm happy with this product. It slices just the right size pieces. The grip handle feels sturdy. This is also very easy to clean.", "Bought this to replace a similar one I'd had for many many years.  I really liked the old one, but had repaired the handle many times & it was now beyond repair.  Wish I'd bought this one sooner!  The soft grip is wonderful, & the ridges on the working surface make it glide thru the cheese much easier; no more bogging down, no more  bunched up cheese slices.  Just a nice, wafer thin piece of cheese that does not stick to the plane when you try to take it off.", "an ok planerbut not as good as dansk. cheese is thicker and doesn't cut all cheese as easily as the dansk", "My husband doesn't mind this, but I hate it and won't use it.  I will grab the pairing knife if our traditional stringed cheese cutter is dirty, before grabbing this.  It is too flimsy in my opinion (surprising really for Oxo), to do its job, and it very difficult to get to the end of your cut without removing a whole CHUNK of cheese from the end.  I guess the other reviewers are right - you are either one who loves cheese planes, or you don't :(.", 'oxo good grips is the best, we always get this brand so we own many of their products and the only one that broke was an ice cream scoop - this cheese slicer works perfect!!!', 'This is a handy and attractive cheese plane with a very sharp blade that cuts from every angle, glides easily and produces thin, clean and effortless slices every time. Its sharp blade never seems to need sharpening, and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional cheese planes do, and rendering it perfect for either firm or soft cheese.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete with flexible fins to accommodate your fingers and an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use. Its elegant, stylized shape makes it perfect to move back and forth between the kitchen and the dinner table.Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years, and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use, mine is still just like new. I even use it on blocks of chocolate, to make fast-melting slices when I bake.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar', "Got this as a gift for a foodie in my household. Oxo kitchen tools (and toys) have great handles, and they're also generally good tools. This is no exception, works nicely for making thin slices on hard or semisoft cheeses. Nice, reproducible cuts for appetizer trays especially. Quite sharp.", 'Who cut the cheese?  I did.  And it was perfectly sliced.  Good grip with good balance make this a must have for the cheese enthusiast.', 'I have used various types of cheese slicers over the years and have always found this type the easiest and most efficient.  OXO brand is really good.', "The handle finally fell off my favorite cheese plane after years of use.  I've been on a search for a good replacement.  There's a lot of junk out there.  Eureka!  OXO makes great kitchen helpers.  This plaine is very sharp and does a great job on the hard and softer cheeses.  I'm very pleased.", "The slicer is slightly smaller than a large cheese brick so you can't use it unless you slice some off the side first... but when you do use it- it slices a perfect wedge about the right size for a sandwich.Only problem, is, the more slices you need, the harder the plane is to slice through the cheese because it really starts to stick to the cheese, and does so more and more after each slice.I love OXO normally, so, I also got the wire cheese slicer.  It works much better than the cheese plane does.", "This bends- and bends and feels like it will soon just break off.  Now because it bends so much, it does not cut well anymore.  I would not buy this product again, and I don't recommend it either.", "This is a great, very easy to use kitchen basic.  It's very easy to hold and handle, and it slices every kind of cheese I've tried it on with no difficulty.  I definitely recommend this item.", 'Heavy, smooth action, sharp.  My husband makes an ultra-deep-dish "priazzo" about 2 inches deep, and this cuts right through - extra pepperoni, extra veggies, extra cheese, extra thick crust, it can handle it all!  Plus, it feels good in your hand.  Nice piece of equipment.Update 7/3/12: I suddenly realized a couple of weeks ago that this wheel wasn\'t working as well as it used to, so I decided to sharpen it for the first time. It was a little tricky to run through my Chef\'s Mate, but it\'s working a little better now. I\'m thinking I\'ll need to replace it in a year or so. Still, it was used about once a week for about 4.5 years; if I get another year out of it, that\'s not too shabby!', "Cutting pizza requires a little extra force to cut the crust, so you don't want a flimsy tool. This cutter &#34;musters up&#34;, and is both sturdy and easy to grip.", 'OXO makes great products at a great price.  It is that simple.  I am sure there are better products out there at four or six times the price, but OXO makes the best stuff at the best price - it is that simple.This pizza wheel is excellent.  I have read other reviews where people moan about how large it is.  These people are idiots.  First of all, it says before you buy it how large it is, so these people are either too stupid to read or too lazy to read.Second of all, one of the reasons why I bought this is because it is large, and the weight makes it easier to cut through pizza.Some people who reviewed this said it was not sharp when they got this.  I admit this might be a pain to sharpen if it was dull, but mine is sharp so no problems there.A great product.', 'I love the OXO products and this is no exception.  It cuts the pizza easily.  I would recommend this to others.', "I am a HUGE pizza eater ladies and gentlemen.  The amount of pizza I can insert inside my always-expanding mouth and swallow (and what is becoming quite a reccurrence these days- cramping my belly up) is... haha, a very disturbing (or perhaps enlightening) situation to be in!Seriously, do you friendly readers have any idea *just* how much pizza I can eat in one sitting?  I'm not setting world records or anything (well, unless we were all insects, yes, participating in some pizza-shoving competition WOULD be rather impressive then) and I definitely don't mean to toot my own horn or anything (I'm a tootless tooty!) but my goodness- you can never put enough pizza in front of my hungry lips.This Oxo (Wait what?  Ox?  Where is it!  Run for the hills! haha).  Er... sorry about that, hehe.  I'm terrified of wild animals you see.  Just the sight of one makes my feet weak.  Anyway this Oxo Good Grips 4-inch Pizza Wheel is admittedly a tad small for my big hands (remember- big hands are a requirement in order to shove more delicious pizza down my throat.  Did you forget already?) but it *works*.  I enjoy it.What is that smell?  Do I smell pizza in the air?  Yes I do!  Because I smell pizza in the oven!  My family is making me some tonight, and I'll be sure to pay a little bit of respect to the pizza wheel that changed the course of my life.  Changed me into the pizza-obsessed feisty wolverine that I've embarrassingly become today.Oh and stay away.  This is *my* pizza!  That's right!  I don't share :)Alright I better write down something serious so amazon doesn't think I'm writing a prank review.  This really is a very good pizza cutter and works splendidly, and HAS been working splendidly for over 10 years now.  There's a reason this particular model is so popular.", "I don't know what I expected but this pizza wheel is large! But it is also the best we've owned in the past 25 years. It rolls easily and with the sharpness of the wheels blade it'll cut through just about any kind of pizza you want it to.The grip (like on all of the OXO Good Grip items) is excellent, and it is made to last. High quality construction, great blade, and grate grip, and great price. What else can I say.I would recommend it to anyone.", "I also read the review in Cook's about this giant pizza wheel. I was sold, so I bought. I do love Oxo products and this has the typical Oxo grip - large and tactile. The thing is, it just isn't that spectacular at cutting thru my store-bought California Kitchen or Totino's pizza. I had to go back and forth, back and forth. Sigh......I might as well go back to using scissors.", "nice and sharp. have to make sure the kids can't grab it so they don't hurt themselves, but have owned this for a few months and no issues.", 'This is a great size for cutting deep-dish pizza and the angled/off-set handled keeps you away from all that hot cheese.  It is nice and sharp and holds up will in the dishwasher.', "This thing does it's job! It cuts a mean pizza. Seems sturdy. I bought it as a gift but considered stealing it and giving my old one. Sadly, I decided to be a good friend and let the good one go. Probably going to buy another one for myself!", "Yeah, it's like the monster truck of pizza wheels, but it works very well.  We have had an old, much smaller pizza wheel for years, and when I bit the bullet and ordered a pizza stone for the oven, I added this to the order.  It has great heft, nicely padded handle, and the wheel just makes slicing up a pizza effortless.  The blade rolls smoothly and it has enough height to cut through thick crusted sicilian style crusts with ease.", 'Have had this almost a year, and hands down it is the best pizza wheel I have ever used. Good value.', 'I have arthritis so things like this are usually difficult.  This has great grip, great balance (it looks like it should be off but it\'s not).  Super cutting edge - one pass cuts even thin crispy crusts - which my old cutter took several passes to accomplish.  It\'s heavy but really well balanced so I think that combination might be what helps it to cut so well.Would buy it again & highly recommend it.Note - it is big - think they said 4".  Most pizza wheels that I\'ve seen are much smaller.  I had to find a new storage space for it but totally worth it.', "I finally broke down and got one of these after getting fed up at dragging my knuckles through the pizza with my old, small wheel cutter. Boy am I glad I did! This cutter works sooo much better. I don't know if it's sharper, or if it's because it has more heft, but it cuts right through those pizza crusts, like a charm.  I have also used it to cut pastry and dough and it works really well at that, too. Finally, it cleans up quickly easily. Definitely a great gadget every kitchen should have.", 'Yeah it cuts pizza, and makes a handy pinwheel when you are really bored and want to risk cutting yourself. Just for pizza kids!', 'It cuts pizza very nicely and is a good size. It is also dish washer safe. 10 out of 10', "Sharper than my old one, larger, and definitely easy to use. I like it and it's holding up well. ;-)", 'Chose this because of the brand and our generic pizza wheel had never been that good anyway. Well-made product and easy to handle.', "This pizza wheel is so much bigger and nicer than the little $2 pizza cutter I had that I uploaded a picture for comparison.  First of all, it's huge and makes quick work of even your deepest deep dish pizza.  You hardly have to apply any force at all.  It has a very nice weight and quality feel to it.  I hand wash and dry this so that it will last a really long time.I have been adding Oxo kitchen tools to my arsenal over time, and it has become one of my favorite brands along with KitchenAid, Cuisinart, Calphalon, etc.If you are willing to pay $12 for a pizza cutter you won't be disappointed with this one.  It may be the last one you buy.", 'The pizza wheel feels very solid. The actual wheel is very sturdy and does not wiggle. Its heft and size means its very easy to cut through pizza. The handle is very comfortable and can be held easy with an overhand or underhand grip. I also use this tool to cut through other flat food items.', 'What more can I say about a pizza wheel?  Yes, very sharp and does the job very well.  Works much better than trying to cut a pizza with a knife and pull all the cheese from one side to the other.  Who wants to live with that mess?', 'I wasn\'t reading very closely when I ordered this pizza cutter.  I just picked one from OXO since that brand has been recommended to me.  I didn\'t take a second to visualize the size of a 4" wheel.  It is enormous.  I can\'t imagine ever needing a wheel so large and it takes up an excessive amount of space.  I can\'t think of any reason to get this wheel instead of a normal-sized wheel.Works fine.', 'works well very good quality made to last cuts right through the pizza with nice clean lines I recomend  it.', "Our beloved pizza cutter finally broke after ten years of happily wedded bliss, and so I took to Amazon to find the most highly-reviewed replacement.  I landed on this one!  And then it came in the mail.  Great quality, expect it will last five times longer than our first (somewhat cheap) one did.  BUT.  This thing is giant!  Do you know how big four inches is?  I may just be really dumb but I've never seen a pizza cutter this big for home use.  It looks like something you'd use in home defense.  Who needs a pot when you've got a gigantic sharp round blade to swing? Seriously, I didn't know I'd have to lock it away from the children, but I really don't think it's safe to leave in reach of even our oldest.  It works great, though.  I guess it's for serious pizza eaters.", "I needed a high quality pizza cutter and this is it.  It's a good solid piece that seems like it'll last a long time.", "It's big, heavy & sharp; goes through the thickest of deep dish and the thinnest of thin crust.  The handle is soft and grippy and has a hanging hole.  The metal bolster gives a large area for your thumb to rest against to get that extra pushing power and security.It also looks good with its shiny stainless wheel & safety bolster.", 'We have had this cutter for around 6 months now and I still love it.  I use it for pizzas as well as cutting dough and simple pastas. It still works just as well as the first time we used it.', 'This is a replacement for the oxo pizza wheel we had thrown out by mistake. This is a great pizza wheel.', "I really like the cutting ability of this pizza wheel, and appreciate its size while I'm cutting things, but it is REALLY large.  Only real downsize here is that it is a pain to find space to store in the utensil drawer.  I frequently find it to be the culprit in the &#34;stuck kitchen drawer&#34; problem.  If you don't mind that issue, it really is a very sharp and easy to use pizza cutter.", 'Works well.', 'This pizza wheel was better than expected.  It really is a professional kitchen tool, and it easily cuts an extra-large pizza with little effort.', 'This item is just WOW.  High quality the way it was made; cuts pizza excellently and no loose attachments like so many kitchen utinsels that fall off in the dishwasher & cause high cost for repair.  A must have.', "It does a very good job.  Larger than expected, but that's fine.  Has done fine in the dishwasher.It is a bit wobbly during use, but, I'm cutting a pizza, not walking a tightrope.", "when given the choice, i always buy oxo. it's the most comfortable for my hands. this pizza wheel is great, sharp, and cuts clean. and i found it for a steal at ross dress for less at $3.99!!!!!! would i buy it at amazon for the inflated price? uh, no. even if i didn't find it at $3.99, i would have bought it at bed, bath, and beyond for cheaper with their 20% off coupons. amazon, if you want to stay competitive, price your items lower!", 'Like other OXO Good Grips, the feel is great and the quality is rock solid. Cuts through crispy crusts with ease.', 'This pizza wheel is of excellent quality for the money paid.  It has a big wheel and cuts through everything.', 'I love this pizza cutter! The grip is great and blade is awesome! This pizza cutter is very easy to clean.', "A pizza cutter isn't something you think about all that often until you need one. Well, I did. Not only does Pizza Hut never cut my pizzas all the way through, but frozen ones don't come with any slice cuts at all. So you gotta have one of these. My old one must have been about as sharp as a spoon because it took many, many rolls across the pizza surface to make a cut. Missed a lot and created too many super narrow slices. This little guy does it perfectly in one pass, so I'm a fool for having waited so long to buy one.", "Don't know why I waited all these years to get a pizza cutter -- so much more effective than a kitchen knife for cutting the pies.  A good addition to my kitchen arsenal.", 'Huge!  Just like the pros use at the pizza restaurants.  Reasonable price.  Easy to use and easy to clean.  Works like a charm, even on thick crusts.', "This is my second pizza cutter in my entire life. It is everything I thought it would be and more. I love the grippy handle and the huge wheel. I use it on my home made pizza. Yes, I make the dough from scratch along with everything else. It cuts my dough to perfectlion. I don't buy pizza from the store or from chains, so I don't know how it would work on other pizzas. I think that if it was used on store-bought pizza it might be comparable to cutting through a cardboard box. That is not what this item is designed to do. Use a box cutter for that. Overall it is highly recommended by me. Keep in mind that I also make whole wheat dough and like it extra crispy. It does beautiful job.", "... Rollin', rollin', rollin' on the pizza...Even though I very clearly read that this is a 4-inch pizza wheel, I really did not expect it to be this... big...This is one hefty pizza cutter.  I like to make pizza with lots of veggie toppings, and it slices right through every time.  Whether or not you have to go back and forth seems to be dependent upon how crunchy you like the bottom of the crust.  A softer crust slices easily with one pass.  A crunchy bottom crust requires a bit more work, but not enough to give this a negative rating.What I really like about the cutter is the feel in the hand, and the easy cleanup. (Spray the cutter lightly with no-stick spray before using, and cheese, etc. rinses right off.)  The bracket that holds the wheel in place is far enough away from the wheel that cheese and bits of topping do not get stuck between the bracket and the wheel.  (I had that problem with my previous pizza cutter, and had to literally soak it in water after every use, and push the debris out with a toothpick. What a pain...not to mention the yuck factor in not being able to really get it clean.)I hand wash and dry the cutter after every use, which I hope will avoid the rust issue that other reviewers mentioned.I am very pleased with this purchase.", "This is a brilliant device and the Daddy of pizza wheels, all pizza parlours should buy one or two they would save themselves a fortune! One spin across the pizza and it's done! no repeated to and froing or worse, finishing the job with a knife! It does not need sharpening either, just as well cos I am clueless as to how on earth you would do that job! Oxo brands are just really really good so start collecting now!", "It's sharp and works well. The rubber is nice. I just wish there was a bigger hand guard in front of the blade. Especially on the bottom.", 'This item is a must for artisan pizza lovers.  It easily cuts the finished pizza.  I have on occaision used it to cut biscuit and cookie dough as well.', 'This pizza cutter is comfortable on the hands, and does its job of cutting pizza well. You will not need second swipes, and the amount of pressure needed to cut the pizza is modest, a blessing for those with older hands. It also does a fine job on Quesadillas, or so my son tells me. It far surpasses using a knife to cut pizza. Finally, it far surpasses the quality of the store-brand pizza cutter we previously used.', "My old one just wasn't doing its job anymore.  I make my own pizzas and this slices nicely thru thick and thin crusts. Purchased upon cooks illustrated's recommendation , have used it 4 times, so far so good. We'll see how long it lasts", 'This zester is easy to use and comes in handy.  Makes nice little shreds of citrus peel to use in recipes.  Easy to hold.', "Nice lil zester!! I'm still learning how to use it quickly but it's been great so far and the handle is great!", 'Some of the reviews say after the first few uses, it really doesn\'t cut well. I never got that far. I can\'t address its long-term usefulness. Immediately, on using this, I realized it was wrong for me.-----------------------------What was I thinking when I bought this? It yields long, narrow strips of citrus peel. Almost everyone knows that one only uses the orange/yellow/green part of the orange/lemon/lime. The white part below is bitter, as explained on nearly every cooking show I\'ve ever seen.---------------------------------------I was able to make lovely strips of zest(the colored part of the peel). Since I only cook for myself, I don\'t worry too much about presentation, only flavor. I use citrus rinds in smoothies(milkshakes). Most fruits, but not all, are enhanced by the addition of a little citrus zest, and a little citrus juice. Zest is a great way to add citrus flavor without a ton of acidity.I suppose that with milkshakes, one could use the thin strips this zester creates, and throw them in the blender, where they\'d probably be chopped up. But as another reviewer put it, there\'s a problem. Once you\'ve used the zester, you\'ve created "tracks" where there\'s the white pith, below, and theorange/yellow/green of the zest. Its difficult, or impossible, to go back and now cut away more zest, as you must place the zester on the fruit, between the previously made tracks. A grater or microplane would give a greater yield.-------------------------------------This might or might not be useful for candied citrus peel, I\'m not sure. I see its functionality being limited strictly to making garnishes, and such garnishes could be quite nice. But I only use the zest for the flavor it can impart. Therefor, a grater or "microplane" works better for my purposes.------------------------------Buy this for food garnishes, or mixed drink garnishes. I know nothing about mixed drinks, and have no need for garnishes, at least at present. The strips I created with this tool were really decent. Then I put the thing away, never touching it again, because it didn\'t serve any purpose for me. It might be good for others. I can\'t speak to its long-term durability, because I used it so briefly.', 'The lemon zester from OXO, like so many of their products, is a triumph of function and form.  It works great.  Easy to hold.  A snap to clean.  The perfect lemon zester:  nothing more, nothing less.', 'The OXO "Good Grips" Lemon Zester has a very good grip indeed.  It has a fat handle that gives your hand good leverage when using the single tooth to get long fat strips of lemon zest.  Flip the zester over and there is a narrow row of 5 or 6 small round holes that (with some pressure) create nice thin short strips of lemon zest.  This tool would also work with unripe papaya to shave into pickled preserves or other papaya recipes.  It\'s not the fastest zester, but it\'s a lot simpler to clean after using, compared to any larger screen-type grater.', 'This must be the worst product I\'ve ever purchased that sports the OXO label. And I\'ve got a lot of the stuff, and have been generally satisfied with it. I needed a channel knife, wanted one where you could draw it sideways like a paring knife (instead of pulling it long-ways towards you--look at other channel knives, you\'ll know what I mean). This gadget cuts the raggediest, least-attractive lemon twists ever, and it\'s hard to pull through the rind as well. So I thought OK, it\'s still a good zester. And.....No-it\'s-not. Get a microplane, or maybe a different zester, but this one is a turd. Finally, the handle is not "comfortable," it\'s too hard and too big for my (fairly small but not outrageously so) hand. The whole tool is poorly designed and clumsy.', "Great little zester, as I expected from OXO. My biggest gripe is that it is definitely biased against the right-brained among us (left-handed), but as we're also good at adapting we can still make it work. I also wish the channel knife was a little sharper, but that's easily remedied with a metal needle file. Otherwise I'd definitely recommend it.", "Just used this for the first time.  I've always used a real fine grater for lemon zest, but this is SO much better!  I got nice, thin strands of lemon zest and no issue about getting into the bitter white pith.", "I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for any of you who care). I have only about 1/3 use of my hands and about 1/2 use of my arms, but I can use this zester--not with great ease, but I can use it!  I cannot use any other  zester I have tried.My mother has mild arthritis and she likes my Oxo  tools better than her own (even the ones she's grown to love over the  years).The zesting blades are sharp and at the perfect angle.  You get  perfect zest with little effort.  And you get NO pith (bitter white  part).As with almost all Oxo tools the design is excellent: it is highly  ergonomic--it fits the hand and works the way it should.", "Most kitchens probably do not have a lemon zester as a routine item, but the OXO zester is a must for both casual and professional cooks. The problem with most zesters is they aren't sharp enough to properly zest only  the lemon peel but instead give you white pith along with the zest. But the  OXO only gives you the best of the lemon as it stainless steel blade cuts  sharply and cleanly. Another excellent feature is a built in garnishing  tool that allows you to cut designs into citrus fruit thus giving you two  kitchen gadgets for the price of one. The zester is quite durable and goes  through the dishwasher quite well too. This tool is also extremely safe for  even the youngest of hands as its slip proof construction allows you to  grip it easily without fear of slipping and hurting oneself. So add some  zest the OXO way!", "These work perfectly, as advertised. No problems. We love them, for zesting and peeling citrus fruits. They let us peel long or short strips, depending on how long we hold them against the skins of the citrus fruits.Also, we've found that they make great shredders, for root vegetable and destringers, for celery.", "The tool works okay enough for zesting, but is terrible at peeling for cocktails or drinks that need a twist.  The scoop cutting device on my unit was dull and it did NOT cut into the skin of the lemons, limes, or oranges.  So, half of the functionality of the device is lost. Therefore, the OXO Lemon Zester is not worth the expense.  No matter how I held the zester or oriented the fruit, it didn't cut. I was left with having to find alternatives and the OXO zester is used only for the thin strips of skin used for recipes (not for cocktails).Perhaps I got a (USED) dull one. The blade is not sharp to the touch.  But Amazon should not be selling used devices as new, and the blade should not be so dull so fast.  Or, it could just be a design flaw.Considering the OXO version is more expensive than other options, I would request my money back, but I spent so much time trying got get it to work, it is even more dull and useless than when I started.", 'If you need a zester this is probably one of the best.  It even curls the lemon peel if you like to make fancy desserts or drinks.', 'This kitchen  tool does all that is expected of it and oxo never lets anyone down. Love the sharp teeth on this.Fabulous for making limeade.', 'I have only used this zester on citrus (lemons and oranges) and it works great.  The OXO grip is exactly what you want when trying the scrap and cut zest from citrus without cutting yourself.', "A simple tool that adds so much to a drink.  Inexpensive, this is a must-have.Cleaning the little groove takes a moment: you can't just rinse it off, you have to get into the tiny grooves to make sure it's really clean -- but it's worth the effort.", "Purchased the OXO lemon zester and like other OXO products, very good. Tried a couple of supermarket $2.00 ones and that's exactly what they were, $2.00 ones. For a few bucks more get the OXO, it actually works well.", "I love this zester for making cocktails. It's very comfortable to hold and extremely sturdy. It's not meant to zest for cooking, though, especially if you need fine/small pieces. Highly recommended for you bar at home!", "I've been looking everywhere for this type of zester. Finally found it on Amazon. I was a little worried that the handle was going to be too big for my small hands because it is fat. I have a much skinnier handled one already. Well, it works like a charm, even better than the skinny handled one I have.", 'Great to garnish a drink. I normally use it to garnish a Sazerac.-3 oz rye whiskey-3/4 oz simple syrup-Peychaud bitters to taste-absinthe or absinthe substitute-Lemon twist for garnish', "I buy a lot of OXO good grips items, and I'm never disappointed.  Well made and easy to use, I always love them.", "I don't know if other zesters would be better, as I have not used any prior to purchasing this one.If this is going to be your first zester, I recommend this one. This is my first and I appreciate the price and quality. It makes the job very easy and the size of the zest depends on how big your strokes are. You can make them pretty small too.Other reviews make a good point emphasizing that it does miss some spots. I feel like it's a very minor thing though and many zester will miss pieces too, but don't get this product if you are aiming to get 100% of the zest. It's not a big deal for me personally though as I feel like it misses less than 10% so I can always get another fruit out.MAIN POINTS: Easy to use, easy to clean, great zest of varied size, but does miss some zest. Overall, a great product.", "Before purchasing this nifty little zester, I would always leave the zest out of any recipe that called for it.  Whenever I tried to use a grater, the colored zest would stick inside the holes.  If I kept on grating until the zest came out the other side, then I'd also get bits of bitter pith that would ruin the taste and the recipe.This tool makes perfect zest that includes only the flavorful colored part of the citrus peel.  You run it lightly over the surface of the peel, and it makes ultra-thin strips of colored zest.  The tool is easy to control, and a snap to use.  I use mine to make non-bitter-tasting orange, lemon, and lime zests for homemade sorbets, ices, and ice creams.", "this little tool enables you to add another, fresh dimension to yourcooking. The bright, sharp tang of citrus peel is a wonder in dozensof dishes. pancake batter? sure. a reduction sauce? of course.In fact, any time you have meaty, salty or hot flavors in a combinationthat seems to lack something or other, a bit of citrus zest is a good fallbackoption. If you're really scrupulous, it pays to get organically grown fruitbecause of chemical residues and paraffin preservatives on the skins ofconventionally-grown fruit.A zester can also be used to raise butter curls or to scrape a carrot intoshreds as a last minute addition to a sauce, or to shred some parsnip intohot soup.It's unlikely that you will ever wear out the sharp edges on a zester, butthey are remarkably cheap and if you amortize the cost over-let's say-a hundred recipes, this is a downright cheap addition to your batterie.By the way, the little notch that you see in the side is a cannelling or caning blade. It's for cutting long thin strips. Those striped cukes that you see on salad trays are done this way. You can also use the strips themselves as decorative additions to stir-fries, pasta dishes and soups.OXO is well known for their ergonomic grips. This one looks most unlikelybut actually proves to be very handy (so to speak).--Lynn Hoffman, author of New Short Course in Wine,The  andbang BANG: A Novel ISBN 9781601640005", 'This is very easy to use. I love how the orange rind comes of in spaghetti like strands. I dry these in the dehydrator to produce a wonderful aroma throughout the house.', 'Works well as a zester and making twists for martinis. But my daughter found a new purpose for it!  Scraping out the seed of pumpkins and winter squash, works like a dream.', "Like some others have noted, my zester arrived rather dull, but I was able to sharpen it up quickly with a metal file.  I got this for the peeler or twist maker part more than the zester part, and now that it's sharp it works ok for that.  It does have a tendency to skip every now and then, though I have been able to get out some decently long cocktail twists.", 'This handy and attractive zester comes with very sharp holes set at the perfect angle to make zesting rinds virtually effortless and give you more peel without pith on lemons, oranges and even the toughest of citrus skins. The built in channel knife for garnishing is a convenient addition you can use on chocolate and other foods to produce the perfect decoration every time. Its sharp blades never seem to need sharpening, and its hefty body fits comfortably in the hand, making it require less force to operate than the more traditional zesters do.Like the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is a great value of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grip, complete an oversized hole for easy hanging, allow you comfortable, daily, wet or dry use. Its injury-free, elegant, stylized, standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.Its easy-to-clean, simple construction and dishwasher-safe, hard-wearing materials make this a tool that you will be able to depend on for years, and its stainless-steel metal parts will permanently keep your rust worries away.After submitting this product to over two years of normal use, mine is still just like new.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar', 'This is a really good peeler, and I am really happy with it, my only complaint is that it peels a little narrow for my taste.', "I know this zester is a simple little kitchen item to have and shouldn't much matter, but it does. I already had a zester but in a moment of weakness I ordered this one and found that it walked circles around the one I had been using for quite a number of years. I know it sounds silly but if you use this item frequently it is worth the purchase.", 'Good for both zesting and making twists. Got it for my home bar set, looks like a quality product. Works like a charm!', "My whole life, I've always used a sort of grating tool made for zesting.  However, this zester completely beats that tool by a long shot!  It's less messy (if at all, really) and you're less likely to get the sour white rind of oranges/limes/lemons.  AND it's must faster and very practical.  A must-have for any kitchen!", 'Does not work.  I should have returned it but it was cheap and not worth the hassle.  Do not buy.  Spend a few more dollars and get a decent one.', 'When I first heard about a zester, I was intrigued. I promptly went out and bought one to remove lemon peel for Lemon Meringue Pie. I decided that a zester had to be the best thing since the invention of the whisk.A "zester" allows you to create fine strips of peel from lemons, oranges and other citrus fruits. It is essential for all cooks if you want to remove lemon peel for a Lemon Meringue Pie or for orange peel if you are making Orange Butter.To remove zest from citrus, simply pull the sharp edge of the zester across the fruit peel. The zester has fine holes which are sharp and cut into the peel. This results in fine strips of citrus peel which may then be chopped. If you want to obtain small pieces without having to chop the zest, just pull the sharp edge across a small section at a time. I recommend using organic citrus fruits.If you want to make a pretty display of oranges and lemons, you can use the "channel knife" to cut thin strips of peel out of the citrus fruits. The result is a decorative pattern. I start at the top of the citrus fruit and wind my way around to the base. Think of how you peel an apple and it is just as easy.Just a hint: Try to only obtain the yellow layer in lemons, the orange layer in oranges, etc. The white pith is very bitter.~The Rebecca ReviewP.S. This zester lasted over 11 years! I\'m having to buy a new one since the metal finally snapped off the handle.', "I haven't found an OXO kitchen tool that I have yet to like or think is better than any other brand I've used.  I give this 5 stars for a reason.", 'I really like this zester, it feels good in my hand and it works well. I would definitely recommend it.', "This is among the best of the OXO tools I've owned. It has exceptional sharpness and is a pleasure to use. Any serious cook who uses zest should strongly consider this tool.", 'I find I have to *push* hard to get thru thick orange and lemon rinds.  I have found that the microlane grater is easier and more versitile...  The handle feels odd to me...  and too big as a grip.', 'Works well with limes, lemons, and oranges.  I have used a couple times and it works great ! ! !', "It's an excellent product.  The potato comes out evenly mashed, not lumpy.  It is a much better option comparing to traditional potato mashers since it preserves a texture of potato without making it queue", 'great potato ricer.i bought it and used it right away.it made a great smooth mashed potato.it is a little too bulky for my taste but it a good tool and it gets the job done :-)', 'My daughter told me I needed to get one of these to make mashed spuds in.  It does work really good!  The spuds come out very creamy and it works nice.  It is stainless and although the basket is small, it works just fine.', 'Results in significantly better mashed potatoes than when you actually mash the potatoes with typical mashers or whatever the squiggly masher with a handle thing is called . Also good for gnocchi. Ricing is the way to go and this one is of good quality and a decent value.', 'I remember seeing my grandmother use a potato ricer and had completely forgotten about them until I saw a beat up one at a garage sale.  This one was old and rusty, so I decided to buy a new one instead.  I got this Oxo one and am very pleased with the outcome!  I get the ultimate light and fluffy  mashed potatoes with this.  I have some arthritis and tendonitis in the hands/forearms, so I found this a little hard to use if I filled the hopper clear full.  By filling halfway, I did not have as much trouble.  The first time I used it I did not peel the potatoes, and I believe this also contributes somewhat to the difficulty in pressing.  The next time I peeled the potatoes and found it easier.  Also, the peeling tends to clog the holes in the hopper and needs dumping often, which slows down the process.  A nice extra is that this Oxo ricer has a small lip that balances on the edge of the bowl so you can steady the ricer much easier than if you had to hold with one hand and press with the other.The ricer is stainless steel, cleans up well, (I would advise cleaning right away to avoid having potato dry in the holes) and seems very sturdily made.  I held my breath a little at the price, but I do believe it is worth it and would buy this ricer again.  It only comes with one permanently mounted screen, but it is perfect for mashed potatoes.', 'Every chef says the best mashed potatoes are made with a ricer so I treated myself to this one.  I found the handles a little uncomfortable...silicone or rubber on them might help.  Pressing the potato through isn\'t as easy as chefs make it look but I found if I put the bowl in the sink and then leaned the lower handle on the sink and pressed down, it was much easier and kind of fun.The potatoes came through very fluffy but really once you add the milk and butter, they become creamy so I don\'t know about this "fluffy mashed potatoes" I keep reading about.  But using the ricer is much more consistent than mashing...not a chance of lumps so they\'re very very smooth.  I\'d definitely recommend this product.', 'Decent capacity and relatively easy to use, although I now wish I had bought the one with the compound leverage for easier squeezing.', 'I did not imaging there was a ricer until I saw this on a Martha Stewart cooking show. She was showing off some monster size ricers. However I always choose "OXO Good Grips" as the tool of choice.So far just did the mashed potato thing. This works well however a good old fashioned masher works as well for me. Now I see for other reviews that there are more uses and a whole new world is opening for me and my ricer.', "I normally am a fan of OXO products, but this one is just to flimsy. I bent the flat steel between the handle and the disk the second time using it, now it's in the trash.My wife had used it maybe a dozen times before me, so maybe for a gentle person it would be fine.", "For starters, this gadget succeeds at doing the job for which it was designed better than just about any other kitchen tool I have tried except for a very sharp large kitchen knife.And, it has all the features which have made OXO Good Grips products the best selling and best reviewed line of kitchen gear.I held out buying one of these little darlings for a long time, as I already owned a food mill which is entirely capable of doing the same job with about the same level of success. And, this 18/10 stainless steel gem is not the cheapest gizmo in the gadget drawer.I was swayed from this alternative by the fact that a food mill is a pain in the neck to retrieve from its high shelf, assemble, and then clean, although if I am cooking for a crowd, I may still use it, as it can do much more spud crushing in a shorter time than the Ricer.I was also deterred by the possible lack of 'multi-tasking' ability until I saw TV chefs sqeeze water out of cooked spinach and lots of other leafy goodness.My last basis for procastination is the fact that I thought the design with a selection of different hole plates (very much like the food mill) would be a better option to OXO's 'unibody' construction. But, I gave in here too, since I couldn't locate a good model with this feature.Well, now I have this one and I used it and it produces truly primo mashed potatoes WITHOUT creating gummy spud paste.If you make mashed potates more than once a month, buy this beauty!", "I had my doubts about this item because it felt a little flimsy when I removed it from the box. It's lightweight and the handles seemed a little small. However, it worked flawlessly and made super-smooth mashed potatoes. It's very easy to press the potatoes through the holes.The only downside is that it takes a little time because you can't fit a whole potato in the ricer, you need to cut the potato into workable chunks, and it's a little bit messy. But the consistent smoothness is well worth it. I liked this much, much better than a standard masher.A couple of tips: make sure you use soft enough potatoes (I used russets) and place the potato so that the peel faces the top, not the holes. You also must remove the peel each time you press (that's where the messy part comes in.)Recommended!", 'Excellent product, well made.  The only small problem is the cup size, on the small side if you are doing potatoes for more than just the family.', "It is dishwasher safe and it is already a very good point. My only concern is that working with it you 'feel it' a bit too light in your hands then it should, that's all and this is why the 4 stars instead of 5.Happy mashed-potato everybody (try the real/original parmesan cheese instead the usual cheese and a little, little, little *VERY LITTLE I MEAN* nutmeg powder). I love it!PEACE", 'This is a well made product that works wonderful! You will love the way mashed potatoes come out using this, and it is so easy and quick to use. Hand wash or dishwasher.', 'Great Product as my wife has approved it and she is very picky so I am on her good side.', 'The OXO Potato Ricer is a great kitchen tool that has held up well for the past 6 years of fairly regular use. No unnecessary bells or whistles, this works exactly like it should and is easy to keep clean.We like ours so much that we have given them as gifts to our friends with young children for making baby food.Highly Recommended!', 'Loved this. Will never mash another potato. Bid farewell to lumps, and say &#34;Oh, hi there!&#34; to silky smooth starchy goodness.', "This works perfect to make gnocchi. This works perfect for mashing potato's for gnocchi, I have tried electric mixers and hand potato mashers and none work like this for gnocchi.  If you make gnocchi this is a must have.  If you are buying this just to mash potato use a potato masher or electric mixer if you already have one of those. why have another thing in your cabinet.", 'This was put through the test at Thanksgiving, ricing a full bag of potatoes!  It worked well, pretty easy to clean and made some much fluffier mashed potatoes.', "Makes great mashed potatoes.  Some have complained about it being too hard to squeeze but just make sure your potatoes are cooked and cut into smaller pieces and then don't overload the ricer and you should have no trouble.Pros: looks nice, sturdy, works greatCons: none", 'This potato ricer is a very sturdy, dependable product. Rices potatoes quickly and easily, easy to work with and to clean. It is also fabulous for "ricing" bananas for banana bread. Terrific product!', "I had a larger version of one of these potato ricers for years and was very satisfied with it - it had interchangeable plates and could even handle a well scrubbed peel without clogging or even unloading the peels in between presses, but with a newly empty nest my cooking habits/needs as a single person have changed and I'm trying some different equipment these days. After using both my old and this new OXO potato ricer over the past Thanksgiving week, this one wins my 'cooking for 1-2 people' approval.Comparing side by side, this basically one piece design does a great job creating smooth mash - the other model had different size plates but if I want it a little more homestyle/chunky I can keep a little of the potatoes in reserve and mash with a fork, adding texture to the smooth batch as desired. There was no struggling with this one to unscrew any parts to clean - just tossed it in the dishwasher. I never realized this was a bit of a chore with my other ricer until struggling to get it apart after it was tossed in a sink at Thanksgiving with other greasy items and pretty much glued itself together until it sat in a little soapy water for a while.The handles are significantly shorter than I'm used to but even with pretty bad arthritis they are easy enough to work and get the job done. The smaller handles mean this is much easier to store in the drawer with my most used tools as opposed to the larger model which had pretty much made an appearance once a year because it lived in a pantry. The OXO version has already been used twice in the past two weeks - I'd almost forgotten how well meatloaf goes with mash - yummmm!", 'This was great for mash potatoes, carrots and yams. In general this provides a lot more air into the root that you are trying to mash. It provides a much softer mouth feel than traditionally smashing does.', "When I used the ricer, I was very disappointed with the way the potatoes turned out.  They were heavy and stiff (almost like you could remold them into whole potatoes) - the only good thing I can say is that there weren't any lumps.  My family was disappointed as well.  They were looking forward to the light, creamy and fluffy potatoes that I've been making for years.I've been trying to find other uses for the ricer, but haven't had any luck yet.On the plus side, it is sturdily made, and it cleans easily.It requires a little more effort than I had expected to compress the handles.  If you have any problems with your hands, this is definitely not for you.Overall, it's a big disappointment and I wouldn't recommend it.", 'I honestly only use this ricer on potatoes, and only after my "food mill" has done all the work, yet has left me with a few hard scraps that won\'t pass through the blade.  I place the scraps into the ricer and voila, no wasted potatoes.I was watching Chef Michael Chiarello on the Food Network and this is the exact model he uses on his mashed potatoes. It\'s construction is solid and smooth.I myself do not make spaetzle, so I cannot comment on its uses for making that dish; however, for making potatoes, when combined with the food mill, it serves a purpose for me. If I could only afford one tool for mashed potatoes, I\'d opt for the "food mill".', "I'm ready!This replaces a 30 year old potato masher that is rusted.P.S. The spaetzle recipe worked despite my clumsiness. A few times, the structure of the ricer prevented my overturning the dough or the ricer in my nervousness.  This is a very sturdy and well-built ricer.", "As ricers go, this one is great.  It's very sturdy and comfortable.  However, mine sits idle now that I have a food mill.  The food mill does the same job yet is much more versatile.Unless you're REALLY fixated  on getting a potato ricer, check out food mills instead.  They're well  worth the extra cost.", "I usually love the OXO Good Grips line of kitchen tools, but this one let me down. The bowl is smaller than my old plastic ricer, and the handle isn't as long, so it's harder to squeeze. I thought the stainless steel would work better, but my old plastic one is easier and more efficient, especially when I make a half-gallon of homemade applesouce. I'll keep this one as a backup for smaller jobs and softer foods.", 'This tool is a must-have for preparing mashed potatoes. It takes all of the effort and lumps out of making perfect mashed potatoes.A little bit of potatoes can squeeze out from the top of the lid as you push it down (which is why I only gave 4 stars) but since the gap is so narrow, what squeezes out is also "mashed" so it can be thrown in with the rest of the potatoes.My girlfriend complained that it is a little hard to squeeze when packed to the rim with potatoes, but this can be controlled by putting less potatoes in it each time.Overall an excellent product. Very easy to clean.', "The linkage did not seem to transfer full arm pressure to level disk pressure.  There's something missing in the angle of delivery.  Since the disk travels down the cylinder at an angle - smushed potatoes squish up around the edge.  When you lift the arm to reload the stuff that oozed over the plate falls off on the counter.  I expected better mechanical advantage in the lever setup.", "My only gripe with this ricer is that some of the potato squishes out over the lid when pressing down on the contents.  I don't think it matters how much or little is in the canister, it's just the way it works.  Other than that, the handles are easy to use and give you great leverage when ricing, even if the potatoes are a little firm.  If you've never used a ricer before, go ahead and get this -- you'll get much fluffier mashed potatoes than by using a masher.", "Thanks to the Food Network channel, I now know about ricing potatoes!  After watching the television cooks do it, I decided to try it out for myself and choose this Oxo Good Grips Ricer.  I'm very pleased with my purchase.  The size is perfect.  Many people have commented that it is too small, but I can get through 5 pounds of potatoes in no time at all.  In fact, after the comments about it's size, I was expecting it to be smaller than it actually was.  The handle is comfortable.  I don't usually sit it directly on the bowl or pot when ricing, but you could easily do that if you had trouble gripping the handle and just push down on the lever instead of gripping.  My 10 year old son likes to cook with me and he has to use that method (he can't grip it).  I included a photo so you could see it's size in relation to my hands.  The potatoes come out perfect - no lumps (although I hear some people actually LIKE lumps?).  Anyway, this is a terrific ricer - clean up is easy too.  A simple rinse gets most of the potato residue off and then I put it in the dishwasher!", 'Once you use the potato ricer, you will never go back to traditional mashed potato methods again.  Use that extra time you save to concentrate more on the main dish. Clean up is a breeze.  Does not rust in the dishwasher.', 'I used it for mashed potatoes for Christmas dinner. I had quite a pile of potatoes and went through them in a jiffy. The riced potatoes are excellent.', 'I used this ricer and it works great.  Cleans easily.  I hand wash it as I do all my kitchens tools. It is made well and has a little weight to it.  I would recommend this product.', "Nice looking unit but you really have to squeeze hard to get the food out. Also, why didn't they design it with removeable disk for different size holes. Since I'm at it, why not design a better cam action for squeezing the food to reduce the amount of pressure needed to press. Definatelly a two handed squeezer. At least clean up is easy :)", "I'm impressed with this ricer. When you place the rubber part over the pot, you can rice your potatoes back into the pot (after draining the water out) and the rubber thing holds the ricer in place.The Potatoes come out riced, the lumps are gone and that's the key to great mashed potatoes. (Yukon Gold). Use heavy cream/4 TBS. of butter and a splash of EVOO and some salt, mix and serve. Awesome.", "If you want the best, smoothest, creamiest and fluffiest mash potatoes you have to buy a potato ricer.  This one is perfect for home cooking.  The ricer is simple yet well made, strong and reliable and produces evenly riced potatoes every time.  The handle is ergonomically designed so you can repeat the same operation over and over without strain.  I fit about two cooked potatoes into the ricer cup with no problem.  I primarily purchased the ricer for making mash potatoes but I'm sure I will use it with vegetables too - mashed root vegetables are a delicious and healthier change from potatoes.  I'm very glad that I finally purchased this ricer, I was tired of using a hand masher and whipping with a electric hand-held mixer and not getting the results that I wanted even after all the work.  If you love mash potatoes then a ricer is the way to go.", 'Order was process and delivered quickly. I ordered this particular ricer because its stainless steel, and OXO has a good rep, and I do have sore joints in my hands after a day of gardening, so the cushioning seems appealing, and nice to have on the little padded brace so it doesn\'t wiggle around so much while squeezing. I got this one particularly to squeeze shredded potatoes dry. I thought one with holes all around the basket as well would be better, but this product had the best reviews overall. My hubby is going to like less lumps in his mashed potatoes, since I generally use an old hand masher and fork. I haven\'t used it yet, but the press plate lies flush with the grate, the piston appears to be fastened well enough. I am looking forward to drier shredded potatoes because squeezing them by hand isn\'t good enough, and I  burst the tea towel while twisting the shreds wrapped inside. It\'s one of those gadgets that does a good job for which it was designed, so it\'s getting space in my limited kitchen.Ok, I\'ve used this twice and have upgraded the stars to 5. My hubby truly enjoys the smooth quality of potatoes riced with this ricer. I peel and cut my potatoes, so they take a couple of basketfuls to rice but it is still faster than with a hand mashers. A tip from a cooking tutorial-use a fork to test potatoes for doneness "fork tender", not a knife for better test.', 'This is absolutely one of my favorite kitchen tools.  I use it to make gnocchi and mashed potato.  The tool is kinda heavy...or...heavier than you would expect.  Good quality and highly recommended.', "There may be some variations in manufacturing of this product, but I haven't had the problem some people have had with the food oozing out the sides. It works great - I've so far used it with yukon gold potatoes, sweet potatoes, carrots and turnips and everything has worked just fine. I like the fluffiness of the vegetables and the fact that they hold together a bit more than if I puree them in a blender or food processor. It leaves a little more integrity to the veggies in a soup or a sauce over pasta or in breads, but still gives a nice soft fluffy texture. Even though it's fairly small, processing the foods goes pretty quickly and it's easier to use than the larger ones I've tried. Easy to clean, dishwasher safe but I usually wash by hand, which is also easy to do. I've used this every couple of days since I got it and I'm very fond of it. I haven't found any other way to duplicate the texture this gives, although I have and use a blender, food processor and very nice knives. It is important to know that you need to cook hard veggies to a fairly soft consistency - it won't work well with hard (or extremely firm) textures. And if you want to let the ricer sort out your peels (I usually just peel first), make sure you put the peel side against the pressure plate so the fleshy bits can come out of the holes.", "I never bought the ricer for ricing potatoes.  Instead, I bought it to squeeze the juices from raw potatoes to make hash browns and potato pancakes. I've used it for 3 mos. continually without a problem.  It is truly a quality product.  I have also used it lately to rinse water from herbs and other soft leafy vegetables before chopping.  Talk about a verstile kitchen gadget!", 'Mashed potatoes is a pinch with this product!  The press is well constructed with durable materials and dyes that easily pop out for cleaning.Pros:-heavy-quick-relatively inexpensive but good quality-easy to cleanCons (but manageable!):-heavy (another style may be better for people with joint issues)-potatoes sometimes squeeze through the top-does require scraping bottom to remove potato (apparently other styles come with a feature that swipes the bottom clean for you)', 'This is the kind of tool that everyone can live without, but it is a tool that makes frying your little potato cakes really tasty because it reduces the liquid in your potatoes. I like it.Works on food products other then potatoes Fast delivery.', 'Heavy duty press.  use it mainly for hash browns and zuchini bread.  Easy to scrape the holes clean then pop it in the dishwasher.', 'This is a handy tool for making very fluffy mashed potatoes. You put in a peeled, boiled spud, push down on the lever, and out comes what we called "riced" potatoes in the past. The fact the potato is pushed through a fine die mean that there is a lot of air between the strands of mashed potato, and they come out very light and fluffy. Simply mix in butter and cream, or milk, or broth with a fork and you have very nice, non-lumpy but non-gummy potatoes.A bonus from this device; you can use it to make spaetzle. These are the lumpy fresh noodles that are common in German and Austrian food. They are made with a somewhat soft, sticky dough, and either pressed through a die like this ricer, or else cut "vom Brett" meaning you dump the dough on a board and scrape it off slice by slice into boiling water. I admit that despite living in an area of Germany where it was a point of honor to make spaetlze "vom Brett", I used this thing. (Dried, pre-packaged? Puhleeze! Nein, nein, nein!)To make spaetzle noodles1 cup flour (1/4 lb.)1/3 to 1/2 cup of water or milk1 egg1 teaspoon saltBeat batter has tiny air-bubbles (develops gluten a bit). Rinse the ricer with some cold water before filling to prevent a sticky mess. Press over boiling water in a pot. When the noodles float up (only a few minutes) you can scoop them out with a slotted spoon and drain. Very nice with any pot roast, can be made into a sort of mac \'n cheese (Kaesespaetzle) and best of all, they are nice dumped onto a thick lentil soup with a very good quality rotwurst (hot dog) which is a very traditional Schwabian meal and still one of my favorite comfort foods. Except, the wurst are hard to find in the US unless you live in parts of Pennsylvania or Wisconsin.', 'Since I have had this potato ricer, I have been making the best mashed potatoes I have ever made.  It is a good size and is very easy to use.  It is nice and strong, and fits comfortably in my hand.', "I find it hard to imagine how I've done without a potato ricer all my life!  The Oxo potato ricer is a great size for one to two people (though it would also work well for a larger crowd on special occasions, it would just take a little longer) and is well constructed. I found six medium potatoes made a nice bowl of mashed potatoes for two. I didn't mind not having the interchangeable disks, the size of the holes on this ricer were just the perfect size to make nice, fluffy Yukon Gold potatoes. I even threw two cloves of garlic into the pot with the potatoes, then riced them along with the potatoes for a very tasty bowl of garlic potatoes. I'm seriously impressed with the Oxo potato ricer and highly recommend it!", "Great little kitchen gadget. Simple, well made and should last a lifetime when used properly. My wife is really happy with the contraption, it makes it a lot quicker when making cakes, pies etc to rice the fruits than cutting, squashing, smashing etc just insert and out it comes all uniformly so that it can be easily folded into your mixes.Originally was purchased because she wanted to make her own hash-browns... Been over two weeks... Still waiting on them.I have learned that whenever the wife wants a kitchen gadget to always search Amazon first. The heck with going to stores, calling around or asking. IF you can't find it here, you probably cannot find it in a store. It is usually MUCH cheaper to order online than driving around searching or waiting for hours for someone that has no clue what the item is or IF they even have it.", "It's a ricer, there isn't a lot of magic going on here to report on.  It's basically a large garlic press that you can use to make smooth mashed potatoes, assuming you don't know what a ricer is.The quality of construction is good, the ease of use is good, and the price is good.  I wish there was more to talk about, but the device is just too simple to get really in depth.One down side would be the ricer could be a tad bigger so you can rice more potato at a time, but its not bad.I would buy this again.", "The quality is consistent with other OXO products I have.  Great balance, great feel and great non-slip grips make this the best potato ricer I've owned to date.", 'I used this potato ricer to make gnocchi. It works well, but you have to make sure that the potatoes are very soft before you put them through (otherwise it will get clogged up). I found it a bit awkward to hold and use, especially compared to other OXO products, which are usually designed to be extremely ergonomic.', "works great, stainless steel design. great for making gnocchi! that's what i ordered it for. highly recommended. OXO products are usually high quality", "I LOVE I LOVE I LOVE this gadget and it's not useless!  I know I'll be using this for years to come.  I used itafter purchasing it two weeks ago, finally today for my Easter dinner.  I used it for sweet potatoes and regular potatoes.  In past, I've always mashed them by hands but took a lot of work and time consuming and the veggies managed to come out lumpy.  Not today after using this ricer.  Wow! is all I could say.  Cut my time by half plus the veggies were smoother not lumpy and I used less milk or butter or etc.  I'm sold.  I cut the potatoes in halved without peeling and boiled them til tender. Drained water and placed couple of them in the ricer at a time.  I'm impressed.  I hope this ricer will last for a long time.Update 6/10/2013I use it all the time.  I use it for sweet potatoes, apples and bananas, and strawberries.  It still easy to use and easy to clean.", "This is my first potato ricer and I'm very happy that I did the research to find a good one. I was looking for something to squeeze juice from wet pulp left behind by my juicer. I haven't juiced anything since purchasing this, but I have used it to make the lightest, fluffiest mashed potatoes ever! After reading reviews, I couldn't wait to try it. I boiled my unpeeled potatoes whole, removed them from the pot and cut them in 1/2. I then drop 1/2 the potato in the ricer with the cut side down and squeeze. All the potato goes in the bowl leaving the skin behind which comes out easily and then I continue with the next 1/2 potato. I cook for a family of 4 and find this method really cuts down my prep time and I don't have to peel a bunch of potatoes. My 6 year old granddaughter was fascinated and helped me do the squeezing. My worries about this hurting my arthritic hands was for naught. For me, peeling is worse than ricing.  Clean up is a breeze if I do not let the potato dry on the ricer. I still want to try it on my wet juice pulp. I hate wasting any valuable, delicious and nutritious juice. I will update my review when I find out how that works.UPDATE: Ok, it didn't work on my juice pulp, but it wasn't made for that. I do continue to use it for ricing potatoes. Yummy!", 'This is a solid, easy to use ricer at a great price.  You would pay more for a ricer of this quality at a home store.  In addition to ricing potatoes, this works great to get the excess water out of frozen spinach and to puree garlic cloves!', 'I wish I&#8217;d invested in a potato ricer years ago. Best $25 I&#8217;ve ever spent!My old method of whipping up mashed potatoes &#8211; namely, a hand mixer &#8211; was a nightmare. It involved no small amount of crying, cursing, and yelling, and usually ended with chunks of half-mashed potatoes strewn all about the kitchen: stuck to the walls, the microwave, the floor, you name it. The dogs, both terrified by mom&#8217;s breakdown and enticed by the crumbs scattered all over the place, were nearly as stressed as I was. Needless to say, mashed potatoes were a rare occurrence relegated to holidays and cookbook reviews.But no more! On Terry Hope Romero&#8217;s strenuous recommendation in VEGAN EATS WORLD (or was it Isa and Terry in VEGANOMICON? Too many cookbooks to keep track of them all!), I finally decided to give a potato ricer a try. With limited storage space, I&#8217;m hesitant to buy kitchen utensils that only have a single, narrow use. But this one? So worth it!OXO Good Grips Potato Ricer mashes potatoes like a dream! Once the potatoes are boiled, simply place them into the basket of the ricer a few pieces at a time, position over a pot or bowl, and squeeze. (Try not to fill the basket more than halfway at any one time; the more potatoes, the harder it is to squeeze them through the holes underneath. It takes a little while, but overall it&#8217;s much easier than using an electric hand mixer. TRUST ME.) The potatoes come out the other side in stringy, noodle-like segments. After you&#8217;re done processing all the mashed potatoes, add your soy milk and margarine as you would normally and stir. It&#8217;s that easy, and your mashed potatoes have never tasted so light and fluffy.The secret lies in the method of processing: starchy vegetables such as potatoes can sometimes become glutinous when over-processed, and the ricer ensures that each bit is only mashed once &#8211; in stark contrast to, say, a potato masher or hand mixer. Plus it will filter out the skins, so there&#8217;s no need to peel your potatoes either. (Though this is a distinct disadvantage if you&#8217;re a skins fan.)While researching ricers, I found that reviewers complained about water becoming stuck in the nether regions of some of the cheaper, plastic models (namely somewhere in the handle). I was a bit nervous about buying the OXO model, since I couldn&#8217;t tell from the pictures exactly how it opened up. Happily, the handle extends from the basket 180 degrees, so that all the cracks and crevices of the tool are fully accessible; there&#8217;s nowhere for water to hide. Additionally, it&#8217;s dishwasher-safe, making cleanup a snap. (Though fitting it into a dishwasher is a little trickier, especially when open!) The construction is sturdy, with a stainless steel body and padded handles. I&#8217;ve only had it a few weeks, but it looks like it will last a long while.5/5 stars. I couldn&#8217;t be happier with my new kitchen gadget!', 'The best mashed potatoes require a ricer. This is a lifetime quality model. Simple to use and easy to clean. Results will be the same as 4 star restaurant prepares. Was a gift for my grown son and same as the one I use at home.', 'This makes mashed potatoes so much more creamy and no lumps. It is alot easier that mashing it by hand and I think easier than pulling out the blender.  Saw it on the cooking shows and gave it a try. Awesome product.', 'After reading a recipe on making perfect mashed potatoes, which recommended a ricer, I bought this.  And yes, it does make a difference.  It is easy to use, one small potato at a time, for a creamy uniform consistency.  TIP: pour the boiling potato water through it before mashing...keeps the potatoes hot.', 'I use this for straining tincture, with cheesecloth as a layer between. Im sure it works great for potatos too!', 'I had never used one of these in the past but OMG they make the creamiest mashed potatoes I have ever had. Great for camping too because you do not need electricity to use. Kids also got a real kick out of watching the potatoes &#34;squish&#34; out. I would definitely recommend this item.', 'I used to have lumpy mashed potatoes. But, not any more. This ricer does a great job on potatoes and it is a good size for a two person family.', 'I found that after a few potatoes going through, chunks would accumulate over the lid and then fall into the bowl.  If your making small amounts it would probably be fine but I bought this for big family dinners using 5-10 of potatoes and it was useless.', 'Because my daughter is a HUGE fan of mashed potatoes I finally broke down and got a ricer for perfect potatoes every time.  I LOVE this item.1)I boil my potatoes with the skins on until they are very tender.2)I rice them one at a time WITHOUT removing the skins. The flesh drops into the bowl of butter and cream below while the skins stay behind in the ricer (and typically stick to the plunger, so I simply nudge them off into the garbage between potatoes.)3)I toss the ricer in the open position into my dishwasher and forget it!4)I give the potatoes a quick stir and voila!  Rich, creamy, smooth mashed potatoes with no peeling, dicing, or beating with a cumbersome electric mixer.Maybe ALL ricers perform this well, but honestly, this item is the best.  I am so happy with this purchase.', "This potato ricer is very hard to press compared to others I've owned.  The holes are only on the bottom, and not the sides, and therefore requires great effort to press even soft potatoes through.", "If you're not mashing potatoes with a ricer, you're missing out.  This was my second ricer, after I bought the cheapest one I could find at a local kitchen supply store.  The handle on the cheap ricer bent the very first time I used it.  Worthless after that.  This one is much more sturdy, which is really all you need in a ricer.  I have no complaints.", "I bought this initially because my wife had a minor jaw surgery and I needed to mash up her veggies. I haven't had that much experience with other ricers but I can say that I am completely satisfied with this one (no need to look elsewhere when it works so well to start!). I used to consistently for about a month as she was recovering and it was always super simple to use. After that time my usage has slowed down, but it still is perfect for us.While I wouldn't consider a potato ricer an essential kitchen gadget, I sure wouldn't want to get rid of mine! Before I had my ricer, mashed potatoes were not my favorite food to cook; peeling potatoes is a lot of work and they are difficult to mash up in small quantities (I typically only cook for my wife and me). Since I've had this ricer they have been on the menu much more frequently. I even used it the other day to make homemade Gnocchi and it was fantastic, I didn't have to peel the potatoes as they skins stuck on the inside of the ricer and the potatoes came out smooth as butter.", 'I purchased this to make baby food based on all the positive reviews.  The large size is great for leverage and making large batches of food.  The hinges are all sturdy, and the metal construction makes this very realiable.', 'I bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas.  She wanted a potato ricer to help make even smoother mashed potatoes.  This ricer is very well built.  The hinge is very strong, and even with hard potatoes I was able to squeeze hard and there was never any stress.  The plunger fits perfectly into the ricer, and the grips on the handles help keep a strong grip.', "I like this item.  It's sturdy and you can rice the potatoes without peeling them. The only thing I think could be improved on is if it had holes along the side as well.  When you rice the potatoes it does have a tendency to push mashed potato over the top of the ricer. If it could go out the side as you rice them, it wouldn't do that. And to be perfectly honest, it really didn't make much of a difference in mashing the potatoes. They were pretty much the same as they were when I didn't rice them. So, if you hate peeling potatoes, you can use this prior to mashing and you don't have to peel them. However, because some of the potato gets pushed up over the top during the ricing, you can get a few pieces of peel in your potatoes that way.", "this thing works great but is small so beware. if your using it for potatoes then think again unless it's just for one.", 'This was a christmas gift.  I have had no real experience with this item, but if you are looking for a potato ricer this was a real nice one and the value you get with ourchasing this was great.', "I've had this stainless steel ricer for over a year now, and it looks as good now as it did when it came new. Great product!", "I purchased and used this OXO Good Grips Potato Ricer for the first time this past Thanksgiving to make Tyler Florence's Velvelt Mashed Potatoes and I have to say that everyone loved the potatoes, and I love this ricer!The ricer was super easy to use(and dare I say a bit fun?), it holds quite a bit of potato, and rices with minimal effort.  My husband and I were fighting over who got to use it first.  =)  In no time we had a huge pan of riced potatoes, and with some butter and cream we had the most amazing mashed potatoes for our Thanksgiving dinner.  You really cannot accomplish the smooth velvety texture of these potatoes without a ricer - I never would have believed it until I tried it.Cleaning is pretty easy, although if you've left the ricer sitting after use and some of the potatoes have dried on it, you'll want to let it soak for a bit, and use a good bristle brush to clean down inside where the tiny holes are to make sure you get all the potato out.This is something we'll be using over and over again for mashed potatoes-not just for big fancy meals, I'm so glad that I bought it and wish I had sooner.", "I have wanted a potato rice for so long, but I wasn't ready for how decadent my mashed potatoes would be!  This ricer truly is a game changer.  Whatever I thought I knew and liked about mashed potatoes was wrong.  This ricer makes the silkiest, creamiest potatoes.  As strange as it is, the mouth-feel is fantastic and I find myself needing less butter and milk/cream.That being said, I do find this potato ricer a bit cumbersome, especially if you are mashing 5 pounds of potatoes.  The handle is not as ergonomic (read: comfortable to hold) as I have come to expect from OXO.  I do, however, think it provides great leverage so the mashing is simple.Also, after filling the chamber and squeezing the handle, some of the potato manages to make its way around the sides of the hinged masher plate so that potato is sitting on top of it.  It does this not matter how much or little potato you add.  I think its just eh way it was designed.  This means that potato will probably end up on your counters (or bowl) when you pull the masher plate back up and flip it out of the way to add more potatoes to the chamber.  It's not the end of the world and I'm not a very neat cook in the kitchen anyway.  If making a mess while cooking makes your eye start to twitch, you may want to check out another ricer.", 'I boiled potatoes to make mashed potatoes however when I used it , the potatoes just remained in the container. They did not go through the holes or sieves even when I pressed it down with the top part. I do not know if I overcooked the potatoes so they were too soft to go through the sieves when pressed but I have not used it again so far.', "OXO designs great products and this is no exception.  It does the job well and the ergonomics put it over the top.  I just don't understand how anyone could have a problem with this product -- it does exactly what it's meant to do with ease.  I liked it so much, I bought one for my aunt.Before this, I made mashed potatoes with a masher; the difference is unbelievable.  I kept my masher because I'm a Southern girl and sometimes I want lumpy mashed potatoes.This is easy to clean -- throw it in the dishwasher.", 'That disappointment, today I got the apparatus and is incomplete, missing the rubber of one of the handles, if I start it back who knows how long it would last and that would cost, to send me or I replenished by another.', 'IM ON A LOW CARB DIET. ITS HARD TO GET ALL THE LIQUID OUT OF SOME VEGIES. THIS PRESS WORKS WONDERFULL. ITS BIG ENOUGH TO HANDLE A GOOD PORTION. MAKES THE BEST MASHED COLI THERE IS', "How I've missed hashbrowns.  There are no Waffle Houses in our area and that was usually where I got my hashbrown fix.  They make them buttery and crisp... just some of the best in the business.In fact, I had nearly forgotten about hashbrowns until a friend mentioned that they were making some, and when I asked how, she pointed me to the OXO Potato Ricer.IT IS SO EASY to do.  (slap-hand-to-forehead)  You clean your potato.  You grate your potato while the pan is heating --with butter or light olive oil.  You use the ricer to squeeze out all the excess moisture.  You scoop the potato shreds out and then spread in the pan (with or without onions).  Season and cook until crispy and golden.I couldn't be happier.  In the last two days I've made hashbrowns 4 times.  The Oxo ricer has been easy to hand clean, and in general I've had no problem.  I will note though that there are no side holes which means that some of the fluid accumulates above the plunger.  I also don't think that it would necessarily come as clean by putting it in the dishwasher.Pam T~mom/chief bottle washer and cook", 'Are you tired of lumpy mashed potatoes?  Look no further.  This little baby will take your potato and squirt it out in 143 streams of creamy mashed potatoes.  Solid construction, but boil the potatoes before you stick them in the ricer.', 'I only wish that the handles were about three inches longer for easier use. The ricer is very well made, as are most OXO Good Grips products and it works perfectly. A few more inches in handle length would make this device perfect and earn it 5 stars.', "This OXO potato ricer makes great mashed potatoes. Silky and smooth. I use it whenever I don't feel like having chunky mashed potatoes for dinner, otherwise I use the regular masher. At first I thought this was one of those gadgets that eventually gathers dust in the kitchen but I was wrong. It's very easy to use and easy to clean. You know those tools that are nice and functional but you end up not using because they are a pain to clean? Well, this potato ricer isn't one of them. I find it even easier to clean than my potato masher. I have the Oneida with an inch-thick nylon head and the potatoes get stuck in between the grids. Anyway, the plate on this ricer containing the holes aren't thick (not thin, either) so food doesn't get stuck in the holes like what usually happens in a garlic press. Just flush with running water and everything comes out. It has a smooth, one-piece construction. I've never had a problem with the handles bending, either. I always cut my potatoes up before boiling them so the pieces fit in the ricer much better than a whole potato would.I haven't used this ricer yet for other things but one reviewer said he uses it to squeeze out water from frozen spinach. I think that's a good idea. I will also use it for bananas for banana bread. Bananas are easy to mash with a fork but if you have to mash 20 then it takes time. I will also use it for baby food in the future when I have babies.", 'This product works great.  I have never been able to make hashbrowns, now I can.  I don\'t even need to use oil in the pan.  I dump hashbrown "puck" directly out of the ricer and cook it right up.  The shape is just right.  I have not tried to make potatoe pancakes yet, but I am looking forward to that too.', "I first bought this to squeeze out the juice from potatoes when making hash browns but its first use was actually making mashed potatoes.  For that purpose it works great, mashed potatoes are very fluffy using this and it is very easy to use.  My kids love watching me make it and like using it themselves.  The plate that mashes down on the potatoes is not a very tight seal so you will have some small amount of potatoes that squeeze through the top part, but it's OK, I just throw those in with the mashed potatoes as well because they come out mashed.  It is pretty easy to clean as well, I just use a strong stream of water into the &#34;cup&#34; and then the other way from outside through the small holes.  Then I do a quick wash with dishwashing detergent.  Definitely glad I bought this!", "It's time to make a freshly made mashed potatoes...easy and convenient. Not only potatoes but other root crops as well like carrots and yams. Produce a very nice consistency.", 'This item is okay and works well but is smaller than I would have liked for the price. I should have paid more attention to the dimensions. Otherwise, it seems okay.', "Okay, who has room for yet one more kitchen utensil?!!  Seems like those tools in my drawer just multiply over time... so I finally ordered one of these Oxo potato ricers, and am SO glad I did.  My mom never had one of these, nor my mother-in-law.  However, I'd heard they make the most amazing and lightest mashed potatoes ever, so I was in!!  ((Did I mention NO lumps))  Ordered it, had never used one before, AND made the best mashed potatoes ever in my life.  My family & friends went on and on about those potatoes!!  Life is good.. hey, also, I have a new grand daughter and this thing works great for pureed foods for her!  Get one, you will not regret it.  Why spend $45+ for one with multiple blades?!!  I'm not a chef here, just want to be a really good cook!  Works very well, it's very sturdy, looks good, too!", "I'm usually a great fan of OXO gadgets but this one is only so so. It gets the job done but feels a bit flimsy and hard to use. They need to &#34;OXO&#34; it more with bigger handles and a tighter fit for the plunger.", "It's only my husband and me, now that our girls are grown.  I wanted something that would do the job, but in less time.  This ricer is great.  My husband often helps with the cooking and, he was was really impressed with this gizmo.  It had great reviews and they were all right about it.  It's heavy duty and really easy to use.  It will get a good workout in my kitchen.", "I have heard for quite some time how wonderful Potato Ricers are. They process the Potato in one squeeze, and prevent over mixing and creating glue when using a stand mixer. I decided to see for myself if I preferred riced potatoes. The first time I used the OXO Ricer, the Potatoes came out creamy and delicious. The texture was different than whipped Potatoes, and the flavor was more &#34;natural&#34;. I didn't need to stir in as much butter or cream as I usually would when I used the stand mixer. I now use the Ricer every time I make Mashed Potatoes, and really enjoy this new method. The OXO Ricer is easy to use, easy to clean, and the padded grips prevent hand cramping if you are processing a larger batch. - Highly recommended.", "This works just as you'd like.  It rices beautifully, and is easy to clean and store.  Very reasonable cost, and the usual good OXO value.", "I wasn't paying attention when I ordered this. It's very small, so time consuming to prepare potatoes for a family size meal. My fault on this one.", 'As a mashed potato connoisseur I will attest that nothing produces smoother or more fluffy mashed potatoes than a ricer. So I\'m devoted to this kitchen tool and haven\'t found a better, or easier to use, model than this OXO Good Grips version, and I\'ve tried quite a few, including a far more expensive Williams and Sonoma model.At this point I\'ve had several--the downside is they don\'t last forever--but I always get two to three years, with very frequent use and dishwashing before needing to replace. (The stem usually eventually bends or breaks after lots and lots of use.) For the modest cost, I think that\'s a fair amount of use.The hopper is large, but not so big it overfills and the mechanism simple, straightforward and easy to grasp, even if you have smaller hands. I can comfortably, and relatively quickly, mash up to 10 lb. worth of potatoes for a Thanksgiving meal using this device.One of the best perks of a ricer is that you don\'t need to peel your potatoes before you mash them. Simply put the cooked potato in the hopper and squeeze and out comes the fluffy "riced" potato while the potato skins are left inside and easily scraped into the garbage disposal.A true must have tool for mashed potato fans. I wouldn\'t be without it!', 'I bought this in 2006 and it still works great and makes the best potatoes. I never use the mixer anymore! Also I use this little gem on juicing my pomegranites for jelly!  It is great. Put about 1/2 to 3/4 cups seeds in and squish then discard the pulp. I love it!', 'This is a great item.  The best possible mashed potatoes without peeling!  This is high in quality and function.  It handles dishwashing with ease.  Most highly recommended.', "The consistency of potatoes 'mashed' with this ricer is smooth - perfect.  The clean up is easy in the dishwasher, and it's easy to use [even for us little old ladies].To those who had problems forcing the potatoes through the ricer, may I suggest cooking your potatoes a little longer - they need to be softer.  And for an especially easy time, just use baked potatoes - you get more flavor, softer potatoes to squeeze through, and less clean up!", 'Always wanted one of these.  This one works fine.  Mashed potatos came out perfectly at Thanksgiving.  Easy clean-up, I just put it in the dishwasher. I will use this alot.', 'Prior to recently I did not have much experience with potato ricers but when reading about different gnocchi techniques they were regularly mentioned as providing smooth and even potatoes and other vegetables of the like.  I was a bit hesitant to purchase something that seemingly accomplished one task...mashing, which is something I have been able to do with a masher or a mixer.  Regardless I took the plunge and I must say it has been a worthwhile purchase.This ricer produces consistently smooth potatoes.  I have also used it with sweet potatoes, acorn squash, squeezing liquid from spinach and grated jalapeno and to juice lemons.  It has done all of these effortlessly and consistently.I find myself using it at least once a week while preparing dinner, often times just to make mashed potatoes for one.  It allows me to make what was once a relatively involved side dish in under two minutes of active kitchen work.I plan on gifting a few of these in the coming months.', "I'll never buy dried box potatoes again. This makes mashed potatoes so much easier and better consistency! It's impossible to overwork the potato with this gadget: boil potato pieces til you can squish easily with a fork, mash through the ricer once, add milk, salt and butter and you're done!", 'Love it.  Does potatoes like a charm and actually, I admit, as much as I love mashed potatoes, I now &#34;rice&#34; them more than I use a mixer on them.  Very light and fluffy product you get when ricing potatoes.', "The Oxo Good Grips Potato Ricer is the first one I've ever owned.  It is a little messy and it is important to keep the potatoes warm after ricing and mixing in butter, milk, sour cream or whatever.  The potatoes turn out ok.  The ricer tends to be a little sloppy.  but works ok.", "Sorry to disagree with other reviewers, but my experience of the paring knife was that it's perhaps the softest metal I've ever seen used in a knife, and as a result, it's not very sharp and doesn't improve if you try sharpening it. My friend, a fellow cook who got it as a gift, doesn't like it; I hated it and would never choose to use it. There's a reason the price is so low.", "I was helping my niece set up her new home and we were trying to buy a lot of things for not that much money.  I think it's so important to have good knives - but when I went looking - the really good ones were SO much money.  I decided to try this pair because of the name - OXO - I have loved every one of the products I have purchased from them - and the price.  Well, I was so impressed, I had to buy a set for myself as well.  These are the knives I reach for everyday.  My expensive set of knives are on my counter, but the convenience, comfortable feel and the good job that the OXO knives do - they are the ones I use most often.  At this price, I can't imagine any home without them!", "My daughter received these knives as a wedding gift and they are used more than any in her kitchen.  They aren't the quality of the best German knives but if you don't put them in the dishwasher they will be knives you will enjoy for a long time.", 'Why do I say these are a nice way to start?  Well, they are great knives, but after using them I think you will want to progress to the OXO MV55-Pro.I started with these and really liked them.  Nice handles, good cut.  But then I bought the Pro...and well, they REALLY live up to their name.But these are a good inexpensive way to &quot;try out&quot; the OXO line.', 'I own this set and it was a complete waste of money.  I was originally attracted to these knives because I own a number of other Oxo Good Grips products and, with the exception of the garlic press (which has a mediocre design and rubber handles that fall off), I have been very pleased with the quality of their products.  There are two problems with these knives:1)  The blades are made from cheap stainless steel that will not take or keep an edge.  They are dull to the point of being dangerous and notwithstanding several attempts with my diamond sharpener, could not be made sharp.  I would use a serated steak knife before I would use one of these knives.2)  The handles are very poor in design and construction.  They have a portion of rubber ridges that are very soft and so flexible that they prevent obtaining a decent grip on the knife.  They also are not shaped in a particularly ergonomic fashion and appear, as other people have commented, as if they would not stay long on the knife under any sort of heavy use.Avoid these knives - there are a multitude of better alternatives out there.  Although I have no recommendations for a replacement for the small chef\'s knife, I do have a recommendation if you are looking for a good moderately priced paring knife:  buy one of the Henckels or Victorinox plastic-handled 3" paring knives available here for around four dollars.  These parers (I have one of each brand and they are similar in design, shape and quality) will take a nice edge, fit the hand much better and are less expensive, to boot.  If you\'re willing to splurge a bit, I can highly recommend Kyocera\'s 3" ceramic paring knife.  It will set you back thirty bucks or so, but it will have the sharpest edge you\'ve ever experienced on a knife, sharp enough to cut a grape into a slice that is a fraction of a millimeter thick, thin enough to be completely transparent.', "I don't think these are the best seafood sets I have used but they do the job and look nice.", 'Picking Crab is such a pain in the behind but this is a nice set.  I also use the spoon ends to dig out the tops of strawberries.', 'If you have ever tried eating lobster or crab without the proper utensils you know what a trial it can be.  These are the perfect tools for getting at the good stuff!', "I haven't used them yet but sure hope they are better than having to use a pliers and pick to get the meat out of shell fish.", "It's easy to use and practical.  It also serves multiple purposes and helps save space in an urban area.  It's perfect for an urban crab feast.", 'This works really well for crab legs night.  They pickers help you get every last bit of goodness out of the crab legs.  We love them.', "A very nice set - the only complaint I would have would be not so much a complaint but an observation that the cracker is seemingly designed for larger shells.  It is not as effective for smaller pieces unless you place them and attempt to hold them in place right in the middle of the unit where the two pads come together and actually make contact.  It is very heavy duty and comfortable though and does just fine.  The only modification I'd recommend to OXO would be to design the cracker to come closer together at the hinged end.  I'd still get it again though if anything happened to it.", 'High quality and sturdy for lobster and crab mealtime. Add another cracker to make the process go faster. Looks great at the table.', 'The perfect set.  The handles provide great grip and comfort.  The spoon/forks work well but not as well as expected.  Overall a great buy I would recommend.', 'I bought for a shower gift for a bride whom lives down south. Tons of crab cracken down there. She loved the gift.', 'I used these at a local crab feed.  Amazing!  They work so great - both the scoop end and the fork end for getting all the crab out.  Only improvement would be all stainless steel with no plastic, but for the price I would definitely recommend them.  Classy enough to use as a gift item.', "The picks are quite a bit larger than I'd like, so that's disappointing. Should be workable, even if not ideal.", 'Very high quality set at very good price.  I only wish the cracker had a spring mechanism, although I suppose that would be a failure point or difficult to clean?  Now we have to buy one more cracker to complete what I think an actual &#34;set&#34; should include.', "We have two and have given 2-3 as gifts. Everyone loves them. They are solid and sturdy. Just the right weight. So far, no rusting or chipping. They feel good and are easy to use.The crackers work much better than the ones we've had for 30 years (and which probably cost 99 cents at the time). There is no wobble in the hinge and the large middle cracking area is perfect for just cracking crab and lobster legs without crushing them.The picks are well made. The forked design works much better than the curved single-tine picks and the spoon scoop end easily finishes the job.This set is expensive. Many sets are available for half or less. That's the reason for only 4 stars. I have not compared the quality of the cheaper sets, so maybe these are really worth the extra. I'm glad we have them.", "I bought these for a crab feed that hasn't happened yet.  But so far they seem alot easier to hold and handle than my old ones.", 'These make cracking a lovely little lobster effortless.  The grip is very comfortable in your hand and the cracker is substantial.  Wash up nicely in the dishwasher.', "Nice set of seafood crackers overall.  The little fork/spoon things have a pretty large spoon side that doesn't fit well into crab legs, and the fork side isn't great for ripping the shell open either (I use a regular fork in conjunction).", "I can't count how mant electric can openers have broken on me.Now I just use this handy and comfortable can opener, what I like best aboutit , is that it takes up no space at all, hardly.I like mine very much, I've had it a good while and would recommend it.Of course, it's great at work too.", "I have used a P38 for over 40 years; I find it to be light weight and ready to use at a moment's notice.However the Oxo good grips will hold the can in place while opening the lid. Not being on the chain, you can also open it with your arms extended; this comes in handy when you are opening cat food.  This also does not require you to be so dexterous.  Your finger does not become calloused.  And it does not get lost in the dishwasher.Just be sure while the cat is sniffing the can, that you don't grind his whiskers.GI - P- 38 - Can Opener", "This is a really good can opener.  I was sick of having a crappy second hand can opener that rusted out quickly and also featured handles that fell off from time to time.  It was time to invest in a good one.  OXO has always done me good and I didn't have any hesitation purchasing something from them.  I have yet to be disappointed by this product, however I am a little skeptical that it is going to hold up in the long run, thus my 4 stars.  Maybe I am being over cautious just because of previous poor experiences with can openers, but it just seems that this may rust out and it will eventually not be as sharp when cutting into new cans.  Maybe I am jumping the gun, but for some reason I will not be surprised if it happens.  I have been avoiding the dishwasher just to be safe.  Overall, for the price and the amount I use it I am very happy and feel you will be too.  Just don't expect to have this around in 4 years.  Hopefully it will prove me wrong.", 'I have bought this kind of opener for some time now. It was a good thing that I ordered again because my old one of more than ten years broke down', "We got rid of the automatic can opener because we wanted one that could easily be cleaned after each use.  We do not put the Oxo Good Grips into the dishwasher, but we do rinse it after each use.  After a few years use, even tho the blade itself has no rust, the recessed screw area and portions of the handle has rusted badly.  You'd think that it would not be that costly to use stainless screws, washer, and nuts, and it would certainly improve the quality greatly.  It works easily and smoothly enough, even though it is a little bulky for smaller hands and in the drawer.  We thought that by purchasing one of the more expensive brands, it would not rust, so that part is disappointing.", "When I was a kid, my parents went through more electric can openers than I care to count; high complexity, dubious reliability.  The run-of-the-mill manual openers weren't much better; they would usually slip, failing to turn the can and open it.Enter the GoodGrips can opener - I picked one of these up over a year ago, and it's functioned perfectly ever since.  The all-stainless construction means no fear of dishwashers, though you'll want to keep metal utensils from banging into the blade.  The rubber handles are very comfortable, and the big fat plastic crank handle handily rotates the can with no contortions whatsoever.  Simple and inexpensive but effective - I've been very satisfied with this product.In fact, it was so good I gave one to my mother, and she hasn't complained about it a bit!", '', "The OXO can opener isn't that different in basic design from any other manual can opener. You close the blade-and-gear assembly over the edge of a can, grasp the handles, and turn the crank-thingie. The can opener goes around the edge of the can and cuts the lid free from the can.The good: It's a can opener, and it works like a can opener. It cuts lids off just fine. Certainly it does its job. The handles are those wonderful thick soft rubber OXO handles, which are great for hands with arthritis or tendonitis. The crank is large as well, although plastic not rubber, giving plenty of leverage and failing to dig into sensitive skin or tendons. The opener is easy to use and easy on the hands.The bad: This is a normal opener, not a safety-opener; this means you still have to be careful of sharp edges on the cans. We've had a bit of rusting on an inside knob of our opener, although thankfully not in a place where it will get into food when we  use it on a can. And sometimes the blade jumps the track, coming loose from the can and needing to be re-locked onto the can.Once again OXO has put some great thought into making an ordinary kitchen item easier on hurt hands, but they haven't quite made the item hold up in other ways. This seems to be a theme with their products, in our experience at least. I for one wouldn't mind paying an extra dollar or two in order to get something that would last longer and wouldn't break down.", 'When you live in Louisiana, after Katrina, you get prepared. Even in the northern part where so many people sought temporary shelter, you follow the Boy Scout motto. Because of the frequent thunderstorms that are part of hurricane periphery, one must take into account that electricity will go out. This is true of the entire year, not just hurricane season.I keep an assortment of emergency equipment and supplies to make myself independent. Can opener, tuna in both cans and pouches, other food items, a look-like kerosene lamp that runs on Big D batteries and throws out great light, my clip-on reading light, fresh batteries and bulbs, candles and matches, drinking water in reserve, other drinks of choice, and so on.This Oxo Good Grips Can Opener allows you to do just that: get a good grip to turn the machine and open that can! Great job. Of course, with sardines, you just peel back the top, drain, dump, and eat. Add crackers, pickles, onion, cheese, and that white wine that is quite drinkable at room temp. Pluck some grapes from the fridge and time to eat, thanks to Oxo Can Opener!', 'Look no further.  I have one of these at home and one of these for my office because I liked it so much.  The handle is easy to grip and hold onto, and the blade is just sharp enough to open any cans easily.', 'I prefer a manual can opener to an electric one - this can be stashed in the drawer and taken out when needed without taking up counter space.  Can also bring it with you camping, etc. Nice and sharp - easy to turn the handle - opens cans easily - highly recommend!', 'I bought this opener for my son who has difficulty opening can because of his arthritis.  Works great - he loves it.', 'Overall, this is a sturdy, handy and attractive can opener with a built-in bottle opener for pop-top caps.  Its sharp teeth and beveled blade bite into lids of all sizes with ease. Its ergonomic design and big, pressure-absorbing, outstanding non-slip grips allow you comfortable, daily use. Its large, easy-to-turn knob and hefty body that fit comfortably into your hands, make it require less force to operate than other, more traditional openers do, keeping you away from cramped hands and other tension related injuries. Its elegant, stylized, standard OXO shape will fit perfectly with the rest of your OXO utensils in the kitchen or in the bar.But, unlike the rest of the products from the OXO Good Grips line, this one is not such a great value and it is below the established standards of superior quality, unsurpassed durability and flawless performance of the OXO brand.While most of its metal parts are stainless-steel some others are not, like the screws holding the blade and the teeth, and will begin to rust after a couple of years of normal, everyday use. Also, the rubber grips are glued, and will change from "fixed" to "removable" after just a few months of function. Moreover, although it is manually easy to clean, it is also advertised as dishwasher-safe, but it retains water inside the grips after they have become unglued and also inside the large hollow of the knob, making it impossible to retrieve from the dishwasher without getting drenched or making a mess.After submitting this product to two years of normal use, mine will soon be replaced.--Reviewed by M. E. Volmar', 'I bought 3 of the Oxo Good Grips can openers.  We kept two and gave my son one.  The first one died within a month when the black plastic tip broke.  We used the second one and again the black tip broke leaving it useless.  When I warned my son about the black plastic tip he told me that a chip broke in his but it still works.We are now using a cheap $1.99 pair we bought from Walmart. At least it opens a can, that is more than I can say about Oxo.OXO Good Grips Can Opener', "This is a great and easy to use can opener. The grips aren't really necessary, but they are nice. The can opener turns really easily, and it  requires little force. Almost as easy as an electric can opener...", 'I have owned this can opener for 3 years now and I am still mostly happy with it. It features comfortable rubber grip handles and an ergonomicle hand crank (my favorite part). Due to the design, I notice less stress and strain on my hands and wrists using this product than I had with cheaper models. I have not noticed any rusting or other problems as far as functionality is concerned. The rubber handles have loosened a bit and slide down occassionally, but this has not been problematic as of yet. All and all it has been a good product and if I ever needed a new one, I would be willing to buy this same model again.', 'My 12 year old left-handed daughter has never been able to open a can with a regular can opener. We have tried and tried through the years. Many people told me I would be handicapping her to buy her left handed friendly items, but I finally gave in. She loves to cook, and this was a pain point for her. I read that this model was left-hand friendly, so I picked it up for her. She used it today, and she was so excited. &#34;I opened a can without needing anyone! Dad, I opened a can without mom! I opened my first can!&#34; I asked her if it was hard for her, and she said no, it was very easy. It was a nice clean cut, and the handle was nice and large for her hand. The only two things holding me back from a full five stars is that it felt a little flimsy next to my standard manual can opener. I am hoping it will last her through several years, but we will have to wait and see. It also shredded a bit of the label, which ended up in the food to be picked out. I guess that can be easily solved by peeling off the label before we open the can.', 'This can opener works sooo easily!  I like manual can openers, but some of them are a pain to operate.  This Good Grips opener works as good as the other Good Grips products that I have tried.', '"Desprately Needing A Can-Opener", might be the title of a small household dilemma I was facing a few weeks ago.  My electric can-opener, (Proctor-Silex Model No. 76370R -- which has since been replaced by Model No. 76370P -- which HAS to be a better machine), had broken.  Good riddance, really, as it was really difficult to position a can to be cut by it, and,........... "once the can was opened / a little splash of any liquid / in / the can / would come / a final sting".  (Nope -- four and twenty blackbirds NEVER popped out of this can opener...but using it sure did blacken my mood to use it.)I used it, however, because, after much frustration and many tries, it DID actually open cans.  It had cost me some money at the local supermarket, and I guess it didn\'t start "spitting out" until the warranty period was over.  But, it was with pure ecxtacy that I noted this troublesome can-opener, (which I felt had somehow developed a "Lindsay Lohan Complex"), had -- and without my doing a thing to hasten it\'s demise -- finally broken beyond repair....My next step was to buy a MANUAL can opener from Amazon, (because you never can know what Osama\'s comrades-in-arms, or OTHER enemies of freedom might one day to to the Western World\'s supply of electrictiy, etc.  I\'m a native New York Citier who was living IN NYC, (Queens), when 9/11 occured. and -- as I\'m of a Libertarian mindset in any event -- take calamity preparation VERY seriously.THIS can-opener, the TUPPERWARE SERIES-E design, (cheaper model), came with it\'s own problem -- amd, (believe it or not), was worse than the Proctor-Silex electric can opener.  Because the Tuperware Series-E, manuel design, (cheaper model) -- though it went around any can effortlessly -- just would NOT CUT any cans!Well, two weeks without a can-opener is like two days without electricity!  (Grrrr!)  Finally, a friend of mine recommended the OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE OPENER.  Oxo Good Grips!  WHY hadn\'t I thought of that brand before -- like, maybe, before I had bought the Proctor-Silex?  Or at LEAST before buying the Tupperware Series E?  Anyway, I finally deciding that the old adage, "late is better than never" is right, yet again, I gave her my money, and told her to bring me the can-opener.The OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE OPENER worked wonderfully!  Simply open the can opener\'s legs, place the gears between the can\'s rim, press down with moderate strength until you make a dent INTO the rim -- and turn.  The turning is almost effortless, and the top comes off smoothly, with hardly a ripple in the metal.The "legs" of this OXO GOOD GRIPS can-opener, as in all OXO GOOD GRIPS products, have a nice rubber sheathing, making it easier to grasp the can opener.  If, for some reason, you want to separately wash these rubberized "legs", (if you get them stained, for instance), they can -- with a bit of effort -- actually slide off, revealing strong metal handles, that provide the base for the rubberized grip.The nice and LARGE, semi-circular "turning handle", is pretty to look at and easy to use.  It also can, (if desired), give something of a history lesson, to people who have a mind for these things.  Holding the closed can-opener SIDEWAYS, and having the semi-circular handle at the TOP, and at it\'s WIDEST angle, an illusion of the hat, (and head), of none other than Napoleon Bonaparte comes into view!  Turn the handle so that you see the handle at it\'s NARROWEST view -- and up pops an illusion of the hat -- and head -- of Admiral Nelson, (of all people!)  Well, something VERY CLOSE to the way Admiral Nelson\'s hat and head looked, anyway.  This "close-to" view of Admiral Nelson can ALSE be seen, (especially if you tilt the can opener slightly upward), as a possible futuristic army helmet -- which looks like the present US Army helmet, only much, much narrower.Turn the can opener around, and have the handle at the BOTTOM, (with the handle again at its WIDEST angle), and you have a nice illusion of a dancer -- her hat, head, and ruffled neckline on top, (the gears), and her wide skirt, (the handle), at the bottom.The nicest illusion, however, is when you look at the gears themselves, when the can-opener is, again, in a CLOSED position.  They happily resemble, (somewhat), the opening drawing in the delightful Disney Little Golden Book, "ONCE UPON A WINTERTIME", (for which I have also written a review for Amazon.)  On that firstpage, the heroine, "Jenny", and the hero, "Joe" are both seen in side-by-side picture-frames.  Jenny is coming out of her frame, to give a kiss to Joe.  So, too, does opening and closing the gears of this can-opener, and looking closely at the gears, give the same "kissing effect" illusion!  : )The only thing bad about this can-opener I can say, is to repeat the caveat given by other reviewers.  Although I haven\'t had my can-opener long enough to know, they say that, repeated use, the gears can get rusty after a year or so.  I trust other Amazon reviewers -- especially those who write with such earnestness as these people do.  So -- I think I\'ll carefully rinse, (and dry!), my OXO GOOD GRIPS CAN OPENER WITH BOTTLE-OPENER, after each use, from now on.  My suggestion here is tht you do the same.', 'OXO Soft-Handled Can Opener, Item # 28081. This is a hard-to-clean kitchen tool. Not all the metal parts are stainless so they get pitted and retain food particles. Also, the soft handles are not sealed onto the body of the can opener, so dishwater accumulates in them, and therefore so do rotting food particles, mold... you get the point. It is possible to pull off the handles and wash all the surfaces, but what a pain! And then, the handles wear and loosen so they start to slide when opening cans. After three months, I replaced the Oxo Good Grips Can Opener with aZyliss Lock-n-Lift Can Openerwhich, after six months, still works very well.', "This was recommended by America's Test Kitchen and I just love it.  It is very easy to use with no stain your hands.  I have used it for years and it is still working GREAT.", 'It opens the cans just fine. I prefer using this can opened to an electric. It is easy to use and comfortable to hold.', 'The large black knob on this can opener enables it to rotate very easily, and without much effort. It also has soft gripping handles, and is not to heavy.', 'And easy to use. Really gets the job done. Would definitely recommend to others and / or reorder when its time to.', "I consider this Oxo can opener the new base standard for can openers against which all others should be compared. It may not be the nicest can opener ever made, but it works well, is comfortable to use, and holds up well (so long as you don't let it stay wet for any length of time and you wipe the blade off if it gets dirty while opening a can).", "Unlike most can openers, which threaten to slice your finger off/open while you're using them, this one is easy to turn AND easy to grip, with no sharp metal bits. So it works much better than any other can opener. You might pay more now, but it seems like this one will last much longer than the easily-rusted, cheap metal ones I've had before.", 'This is a really good handheld can opener....I prefer electric but my son does not so this fit the bill. Very easy smooth easy operation. Thats not often the case with these type openers.', 'We replaced a much less expensive manual opener with this.  The difference in the way the handle turned was amazing.  The Oxo is smooth and easy to operate.', "I have a philosophy that will not allow me to buy crummy tools. Tools for anything.... if they do not work or do not last, they are worthless. That's why I paid 14 bucks for a hand-operated can opener. Being an engineer I looked at the design and was impressed by the symmetrical (rather than cantilevered) hinge. I reasoned that this would make the opener sturdy and allow it to work as intended for a long time. IT DID NOT. This overpriced piece of trash DOES NOT open cans. There may be other uses for it but opening cans is not one of them. That's why I'm on Amazon today. I am throwing this junk out and buying 6 of the 2 dollar can openers. That should last me my lifetime and leave 1 or 2 to bequeath to my survivors. Yes it is making me depart from my lifelong philosophy (and that makes me mad) but it is in self-defense. I am hungry and I CAN NOT OPEN ANY CANS.", 'I second what other cooks have stated here. OXO\'s wooden version of this citrus reamer is much better and three dollars cheaper to boot. The grooves on the wooden reamer are deeper and sharper and "catch" the sides of the fruit better, getting more juice out.', 'I bought one of these a few years ago as I\'m usually quite a fan of the Good Grips range of kitchen utensils and have rarely been let down by one. I have to say that while this does the job, just about, it\'s not one of OXO\'s better items. It\'s sturdily-built and as well-made as you\'d expect from this range (that is to say, REALLY sturdily-built and well-made), but it\'s far from perfect. You certainly CAN use it to juice a lemon, and it does a reasonably competent job of it, but it could be a lot better-designed. The business end of this reamer is much too smooth and curved, with the result that it takes a lot more effort to use than a simple wooden reamer, and it still doesn\'t feel like you\'ve got all the juice out when you\'re done. The lemon just seems to slide around the reamer and there\'s nothing to really get a grip on when you\'re squeezing the lemon. In contrast, theMSC Urban Essence Lemon Citrus ReamerI received as a gift a couple of years ago is much more efficient. Another issue I\'ve experienced is the aluminum reacting with the citrus juice, resulting in a dull, blackened-looking reamer rather than a shiny silvery-looking one. Looks like OXO is aware that wood might be a better material when it comes to citrus reamers, as they also have awooden versionavailable. it doesn\'t really match the "look" of most of their products, and it\'s lacking in the "grip" that gives the product line its name, but I think if I find myself needing another reamer in the future, that is the one I\'d go for.', "This is a great item when I want to juice one or two fruits, preferably small citrus such as lemons or limes. It's heavy and quite hefty, and the grip is not squishy, it actually feels very solid and doesn't yield to pressure much but it's not uncomfortable. It washes really well and I prefer it to the wooden reamer, those tend to get gross if left wet or in the sink and wood should never be exposed to too much liquid unless it's still a tree sitting in the ground.I spend the last weekend making lemonade and limeade and this was in constant rotation. I just made up a simple recipe, juice of one lemon or two limes, good shake of sugar ( about  1.5 - 2 tbs) and mixed in with tiny bit of hot water to melt the sugar, then  I added 5 ice cubes and filled my 12 oz glass to the rim with mineral water. Quick mix later and I had a great, refreshing sip of something healthy (minus the sugar I guess) that I got to make myself. I always have citrus fruit on hand; I get them in dozens and fill up a bowl in my room almost as a centerpiece, mixing the colors. It's definitely better to make some iced juice than drinking Kamikazes all night long lol.If I'm juicing a lot of fruits or oranges, I prefer the stationary juicer; one with a little plate attached but for quick jobs this is great, just remember to roll the citrus on the counter while pressing on it with the palm, or a quick nuke in the microwave makes it even more juicy and fabulous.- Kasia S.", 'I went with this over the wooden for aesthetics, and it does a great job. No slipping and good on all kinds of citrus.', "I've had them all!  Wood, Plastic and Aluminum and I prefer the Aluminum type.Even though the wood works a little bit better, it's harder to clean and after a while it starts to look gunky and unhealthy.  Hard to wash the wood after it's been used a while and the wood is no longer smooth.  No matter how hard you wash, it still feels slimy and that's what bothers me.You may have to work a bit harder with the plastic or aluminum but when you wash them, they're clean and they feel clean.", 'These are excellent for grilling and far superior to all those specialty grill tongs that hardly bend.  These are very long, 12&#34; are a bit more useful in the kitchen, these are better for grilling.', "Love using these tongs! For the quality they are very reasonably priced. Locking feature is great and the steel is thick. Very happy with the purchase. I bought the 12 and 9 inch, so far I'm using the 9 inch the most while cooking.", "I like the gripping capability of these tongs. They grab and hold meats and vegetables well. I like the pull/push locking mechanism on top which also has a hole for hanging when not in use. I also like the stainless steel finish and the sturdy construction. I've had it for a few years now and still works like new. Highly recommend it.", 'The Good:  These tongs are cheap and adequate.  I needed a long pair of tongs with metal ends to work in the grill and hot pans and this this did the trick.  They open and close with ease, just like the smaller versions you can buy.  Additionally, arms of the tongs are well made.The Bad:  The ends of these tongs are very thin and mine came twisted a slight bit.  It all gave the impression of being slightly cheaply made, but for $15 you get what you pay for.', "These replaced some cheap tongs I had that were too flimsy to pick up a chicken leg without collapsing.  What a difference good tongs make!  I've even used these to move large 1-2lb roasts and never felt like I was going to break the tongs or loose the food.", 'Works very well and easy to Grip... I also bought the 12 inch tongs after using these', '...the spring rusts. I own both the 12\' (for normal indoor cooking) and the 16" (for grilling). I have used both countless times. They grip food well and you feel as though you have a firm hold of the hood too. In all the times I have used them, I have discovered two main flaws. The first flaw is the flexibility (bend-ibility)of the "hands", the part of the tongs that actually touches the food. If you grasp the food too tight, they bend. This means the they will not close tight without bending them back into shape. The second is the metal used in the spring. This metal is prone to rust and when it rusts the tongs no longer have their normal spring and often get stuck. My advice would be to spend a little more money and get a hight quality.', 'Sturdy, not wobbly. Do the Job. Medium sized tongs. Locking mechanism makes them easier to store and carry. Good value.', 'These are really nice. They are a better size than my last ones and have nice rubber grips. My old ones started rusting! Yikes. Got these to replace them and these are stainless steel so I am very happy with them.', "A little device to lock these things shut when not in use seems to be such a simple concept, it's hard to imagine why someone, including my very creative self, did not think of a way many, many, many years ago to lock them shut when not being used.  They are an obnoxious nuisance when they are sprung open, falling off the grill side-shelf, or falling off the _______ (fill in the blank as appropriate) in the kitchen, or wherever they land because both hands are occupied and there is no way to close the things.  Until now!!!  Yeah!!!!  A simple little latch only requiring a tap with the palm of a hand, tap against a belly, leg, or whatever is close enough, so that it can be put down without the aforementioned nuisance conditions.  Thank you ... thank you so much!!!  They work perfectly.  The spread-open nuisance is no longer necessary and I, for one, very much appreciate the change.", "Everyone should have tongs in their kitchen.  And these are a great value.  They lock closed so are easy to store.  And they don't slide out of your hand because of the rubber-like grip on the handle.", 'Finally, a workable set of tongs for my grilling.I believe these are the best available for the following reasons:a. They are very well madeb. The lock makes the tongs easy to usec. These tongs look great, too.', 'We love this item, we have a couple where the ends were criss-crossed and the metal was thin.  This is a good quality, the ends meet correct, and it is a perfect size/length for most cooking.  Highly recommend!', 'Reasonably priced and high quality with the additional pull lock for easy storage.  These make great "gifts" too as sets, ie: 9", 12", etc.', "My mom never used tongs like these when I was growing up, so I never thought of getting a pair.  But now that I have them, these tongs have quickly become one my favorite kitchen tools.As with the other Oxo products I've purchased, these tongs look nice and are well constructed.  I don't know how I ever did without them.", "What can you say about OXO products, they're great.  These are easy to use, go in the dishwasher for complete cleaning and are easy to handle.  If they break or if there is an issue, OXO stands behind their products.", "I've bought a few years ago for my wife then for my mother-in-law.  We're still using these tongs (9-inch, 12-inch ones) and they are in excellent shape.  I bought these as a gift for my sister-in-law.  I also bought a 16 inch for my BBQ grill since the one I have for BBQ grill is not good to use.", "Searched high and low for the perfect tongs for non-stick surfaces that didn't cost a fortune and of course found the OXO brand to perfectly fit the bill (as usual).  These are not too long, perfect for kitchen use.  Their tips are not the annoying soft silicone type like so many out there but instead a harder tip that is angled and pointed so you can use then for a number of surfaces or into pots of boiling things.  I really love the feel of these in my smallish hands and that they lock is an added bonus so they don't take up tons of room in your drawer.  Perfect!", "I bought the 12&#34; size 6 years ago and they are still serving me well. I just bought the 16&#34; & 9&#34; sizes for almost $30 and if they are as good as the older 12&#34; ones, I'm OK with spending that coin. They are easy to clean, do not rust, and the locking mechanism is super nice! Cheap tongs with that cheesy metal slide annoy me to no end as they enviably slide down and lock the tongs when I need to pick something up. Spontaneous locking is not a problem with these.", 'OXO Good Grips Tongs 28581 12-inch. 5 Stars. Perfect for every dish. I ordered another one.', "i love OXO and my tongs are like an extension of my hands in the kitchen.  i use them for everything.for a company that exceeds every expectation i could have in the hand-held kitchen gadget market, there is one nit that needs to be picked with these tongs:  the silicon rubber grips do not stay in the holes created for them and while it is not a show stopper (you won't burn yourself or drop anything as a result) it provides moments of frustration, particularly if you rely on them when you are in production mode.also, the little thingy at the top that locks the tongs in place and then releases them bends after a while.i have had my tongs for two years as of this writing and they will be with me for the foreseeable future, but it is worth noting the small design inconsistencies for those who would otherwise take it for granted that all OXO products perform superlatively.  these tongs are good, but not great.worth noting that my OXO tongs never go into a dishwasher and hang from a hook over my workspace (never banging around in a drawer), so i would say that they have been pampered when they are not being abused.  hand wash only.three stars.", "All tongs are not created equal. Most at this price don't grip, don't line up straight, and bend easily. Not these. They are real work horses. They are sturdy, line up, grip well, and the locking mechanism actually works when not in use. I bought 2 pair. If I had 3 hands, I would have bought three. They are just the right length for just about any use. Get them.", 'We put off buying a new pair of long tongs for years because of our bad experiences with them. They always broke within a few uses because of terrible quality. This pair is durable and I was pleasantly surprised. We can now enjoy backyard BBQ without having to suffer through burns again.', "I have had these for a couple years, and I think I use them almost every day. The locking feature is really handy, and easy to activate or deactivate--even with messy kitchen hands. The rubber is comfortable and gives you a sturdy, cool grip.I have one minor complaint, the tongs don't work well with delicate things. For example, with chicken parmesan, the breading rips right off. Now, we'll eat anything, so it isn't a big deal to us. I did notice that OXO makes a set of tongs that have rubber on the ends which may protect delicate foods.", 'Another use for tongs is to remove the giblets pack from a partially roasted frozen turkey.Turkeys set out to thaw in fridge or on counter can leave very dangerous contamination which can be deadly. Google about the problem and warnings from government agencies.The solution is to keep bird frozen and then put directly into oven. After reaching a certain temp you are then able to remove the giblet package with tongs, using a fork can break the bag. If not removed the bag will later break at higher temperatures. The giblet bag is a part more likely contaminated, and emptying the sealed bag in boiling water to cook is the cure if you like giblets. Locking tongs help make removal an easy task.Non locking tongs can be temporarily made to lock with rubber band around the handle grip.', 'Thought I was nuts to pay such a price for tongs, but after using them it wasn\'t nutty at all.  The over-all quality is outstanding, the "look and feel" is great, and this item does its job really well.  The locking feature is a great idea.  A pleasure to own and use.A very minor complaint: the movement of the locking tab is rough.Added Dec 25: I have since bought the 8" and ditto the above; this is really a convenient size.  This one has a nylon locking tab which is smooth.', "The tongs work, no complaints so far. I don't know if I could rate any tongs as &#34;I love it&#34; haha", "I have several of this tongs and recommend them if they have the metal center clip (the plastic ones break).  These 16&#34; ones are great for the grill were you don't want to get you hand in the fire.", "Stainless Steel, with rubber grips, and a clever locking mechanism built into the end. Good, Heavy-Gauge stainless steel won't easily get bent out of shape picking up heavy stuff. Well worth the purchase. I bought the 16&#34; length.", 'These tongs are so nice that I just ordered a second pair.  I love the fact that they lock and lock very easily.  I used these all the time for indoor as well as outdoor cooking.  They go right in the dishwasher and clean up beautifully.  I have several other pairs of tongs but from repeated dishwasher use, they are starting to become difficult to open and close.  Not so with the OXO Good Grips.', 'I love OXO products for the quality and durability. These tongs are no exception. Nice soft grip and sturdy locking mechanism. Reasonable price too. I have several sizes of  OXO tongs for different uses and they all have performed perfectly for many years.', 'These are perfect in every way. Love the locking clip. The length is perfect for picking up so many things as well using when cooking. I am so glad I bought this.', "These are quite short but I prefer that since they do not feel as unwieldly as some I've used. Also the spring action doesn't feel like you're trying to hang on to it. I don't need a huge lobster claw protruding from my hand.The locking action is well set and it releases in a smooth motion with a tap on the counter.I especially appreciate the fact that the jaws line up with each other so I can grip food without struggling.", 'Great control to grip all manner of food sizes and densities from boiled collards to frozen grapes.  Totally dishwasher tolerant, even the soft parts.  Easy and gentle on my chronic hand injury. An excellent value for the money.', "I love OXO products, and this item is no exception.  With these tongs at the grill, my husband doesn't even need a grill mitt.", 'they are long and to be honest great! I saw them on a tv show where they were comparing different brands and this one won. I went on and read about it did a little research and got it. Now I own it and use it. hold well.', "I received these tongs in addition to my Kitchenaid ones and I just love them!  They're long enough to reach into large pots without scalding your wrists, hands, etc., and I should know - I'm the queen of burning myself!  They grab everything with ease and I particulraly like the rubber grips.  The Kitchenaid ones don't have that and have a tendency to get hot.  These don't so they get tons more use.  Besides, they're great to grab things from high shelves too!  And, for ornery little boys to run around the house, beating whatever he wants with them, grabbing the cat's tail, etc., and they still look new.  Can't beat that!", 'Use it all the time in my kitchen - they fit so nicely in my hand and often it is easier to handle the food cause they are shorter.  But there is a need the longer ones too - so I actually have both.', "These are some heavy duty tongs.  I used to have short, wire tongs that I would always get my hands burned with when making a steak or felafel on the stove.  Now I use these all the time along with a splatter screen and have no more issues with oil getting all over the place, including my hands.  I haven't used these on a grill outside yet, but I'm sure these would be perfect for that.  I love how they lock, as well.  Push in the tag to release, pull out to lock, which is great for storage and for the dishwasher.  Overall, very happy with the 16'' length vs the 9'' and 12''.", 'These are for my Son in law who is more than I could have wished for my daughter and grand children. As a tip, here is how I use the locking OXO Tongs I have many sizes. you lock them down then use them while they are locked you can turn chicken, hot dogs, steak ,and almost anything else without unlocking them thus you do not have to fight with the spring from completely open until just enough to pick up a hotdog. Use the locking tongs while they are locked it is much easier.', 'They lock together so they take up less room in my draw.  They are stain less so NO RUST.  Love them.', 'Great quality and easy to use. Thought the lock was crazy on a set of tongs, but find the lock to be very useful. Use often.', 'I bought about 5 of these just to have on hand while the others are in the dishwasher...love them!!!', 'As with most OXO kitchen tools these tongs are quality! They work well, grip tight and provide a long reach for those particularly hot fires!', "Over time I've become a fan of Oxo products.  These tongs have what I have found to be usual Oxo great quality.  I, however, must add that I rely to a high extent on Amazon customers' reviews and all the Oxo products that I have bought have had very good to excellent reviews. I wouldn't buy any Oxo product or any other product from Amazon.com if it had bad customer reviews.", "They're grill tongs. They grip the food quite well and make turning the food on the grill both easy and comfortable.  Much better than typical grill tongs which don't really grip all that well and these are long enough that I can keep my hands away from the heat when in use.", 'These are great!  I used them to flip steaks this evening and they worked wonderfully.  I was a little worried about the length (12 inches) but they are not too long and have great balance and weight.  I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship.', "I wasn't much of a user of tongs, I just used an old pair of Ecko's when I needed to get corn or a lobster out of a hot pot of water, or turn over chicken on the grill.  But these are the tongs that are changing that pattern.  They're great for almost anything.  Theey feel good in your hand, have a good grip, are easy to clean (dishwasher safe too), and they have a neat little tab you pull out to hold them in the closed and locked position so they don't monopolize your utensil drawer.  The 9 inch tongs are long enough that you don't easily get burnt using them on the grill, and they're small enough to leave in a salad bowl for serving.  And they look nice enough that you can use them at the table and not be embarrassed.", 'Pretty straightforward product -- very long tongs for certain jobs like flipping things in the back of the barbecue or even moving wood in a fire.  Typical good quality that Oxo usually provides.  Perhaps not the easiest tongs in the world to control, but only due to the length, as I would expect.', "I bought all three sizes of the Oxo Good Grips Tongs. These tongs are INDESTRUCTIBLE!!  Between my husband, two sons, and myself cooking in the kitchen through out the day and night, if these were any other brand, they would have never lasted. I've had all three of my OXO Tongs for years now and have never needed replacing! WELL WORTH the $. These tongs are very, very reasonably priced. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!  These are one of those things I can't live without. I use them all the time for all kinds of cooking and baking.", 'Great design, very comfortable, solid quality.  Easy locking by simply pulling the little knob at the end of the tongs.', "I own a 9&#34; and 12&#34; pair of these. After a few years of use, the 9&#34; feels like an extension of my hand. I can do damn near anything with it, and I use them pretty much every time I'm in the kitchen. I decided to order a second pair in a larger size, because A) mine are always dirty / in use, B) 9&#34; is fairly short when you're reaching into hot places.I wish the grips on the 12&#34; inch were about half inch longer, as I think that would make them a bit more comfortable. Other than that, the springy-ness is spot-on, the tongs bite down exactly like you'd want them to, the handle hasn't gotten loose as other pairs of tongs I've had have done, and they lock up securely when you go to store or transport them.", 'Spring hinge....excellent grabbing power.... 9 inch gives me control over the weight balance.... locking mechanism keeps tongs closed in utensil drawer, preventing inter-tangle with other items... I want another pair!', 'They get the job done. No complaints.', "These tongs have nice teeth to grab food with out tearing.  I don't know how long the black grips will last but the metal on the tongs has nice finish and very thick.  The locking mechanism works great and is in the right place on the tongs.  The length makes it easy to get food from the back of the grill.", 'Lodge brand sells the old design of locking tongs and I find that the locking ring always slips down and closes the tongs when I am using them.  The Oxo brand is much better.', "Tongs are the MOST useful tool in my kitchen.  I use them to: stir fry, turn hot foods on the grill, hold meat while I slice it, etc. etc.The rubber handles put these tongs over the top.  Get 'em greasy, get 'em wet,  doesn't matter, they won't slip. Another bonus - where other tongs get too  hot these are fine because the rubber stays cool.  You can safely use these  to fish things out from a pot of boiling water!  Try that with a pair of  all metal tongs... ouch!I also like the ability to lock them in the  closed position.  You will not regret buying these tongs.", "We have a pair of these and we just bought another to give as a gift. We use them all the time and they are great for salad, pasta, on a grill, whatever. It can handle heavy steaks fine and they wash easily. We don't put them in the dishwasher so I don't know how it'd handle that cause we always wash these by hand. Also I've never gotten them so dirty that it was hard to clean them.", 'my wife and i have bought at least four sets of tongs including two that appeared to have good gripping ability. none of them were worthy of taking up storage space! we were just about to give it up when i saw the oxy good grip tongs on amazon. i read all the reviews, went for it,and bought it. the reviews were right on target. what a great pair of tongs! steaks, chicken quarters, even a slab of ribs were no problem. please take my word for it,in the world of tongs they have no equal!', "The best tongs I've found.  I like the extra length; makes them great for the barbecue and still they're not too long for kitchen use.  The only thing that bothers me is that they occasionally open in the dishwasher rather than staying locked.  That's not enough, however, that I wouldn't highly recommend them.", "I LOVE these tongs.  They're all purpose.  I use them when grilling, to turn asparagus on a baking sheet in the oven, to flip chicken breasts cooking in a skillet.  I can even use them as a tool to grab cereal boxes or pancake mix off a high shelf.  If you spend a lot of time cooking, you need these tongs in your kitchen.", 'I use these to arrange the charcoal after I dump it out of the starter.  It locks closed for storage and easily opens for use.  16 inches keeps the hot away from my hands.', 'The right length for grilling and they work well. No complaints. I will update if I have any issues with them.', 'I used to have a 16"-reach set of tongs that I used a lot on the grill. Unfortunatly, it rusted out and had to be replaced. I started using my regular short (10-12") tongs on the grill and kept burning my hand reaching for things towards the back. After shopping the local stores for a replacement, I gave up and ordered this one from Amazon. It works well as designed, and I especially like the locking mechanism. My old tongs had that stupid wire ring that was supposed to lock into the notches cut into the handle, but it kept falling out. You BBQ guys know what I\'m talking about. Anyway, this locking mechanism is a lot better - it\'s more "push/pull" and works great. I like this item a lot - now my hands won\'t get burnt when turning Buffalo Wings on the grill.', 'Use them in the kitchen, so helpful.  The locking mechanism is a wonderful addition to keep closed when not in use.', 'I saw tv celebs using tongs and decided to try them. They had not been part of my kitchen toolkit. Well, how did I get along without them. I was not sure what length to purchase. The 12&#34; is perfect. Nice and long. Keeps y our hands away from the heat. The locking function is a must. Makes the easier to store and hold in position. The grip is precise and I am not concerned about the mettle tips ruining anything. I find that I use it in new ways, sometime like a spatulas to turn thing, or to grab something. Nice for reaching in the over to adjust foods. Good purchase.', "Easy to hold, easy to use.Get a shorter set for smaller jobs.  I use this one mostly for the grill where distance is an advantage... especially when I'm grilling.", "I know they told me these were 16 inches long, and it's my fault for not thinking more about the length, but...  These are great for grill use, but not as practical in the kitchen.  The product is good, I just don't think they're great for indoors, plus you have to find the right space to store them.  They do lock, though, so that helps.", "OXO are the best tongs available. I have other brands and they don't last long. They either burn up from the heat or their locking mechanisms fail. You won't be disappointed with these tongs", "I bought these about 18 months ago and I'm now replacing them.  The metal part of the tongs is fine but the rubber is degrading and turning funky - simultaneously greasy and sticky to the touch. Don't know whether it's from the frequent heating and cooling or from frequent trips through the dishwasher.  I've had the same thing happen with the rubber grips on other OXO tools.", 'This was part of a wedding gift set. I have not heard pro nor con about this item from the receiving couple.', 'If you wanna grill and cook like a pro, you need to shell out $15 for these tongs! They are great! Now if i could locate i restaurant supply store that generic 16" tongs for cheap i would probably buy a few of those instead, but these tongs are worth it! i have manhandled lots of baby back ribs and 5lb roasts with these bad boys no problem! i would have preferred a simpler locking mechanism, i mean if it ain\'t broke dont fix it, but the locking mechanism on these has helf up so far.', "These tongs are responsive, easy to use, and easy to clean (I hand wash). They pick up small bits of stew meat and large chicken breasts. They're long enough to keep your hands from getting burned, too, by either heat from the pan or splatters from the food.Buy this pair and the nylon-tipped ones for your nonstick cookware.", "This is my favorite grill tool (well, this, and the Weber T-Brush). The cushioned handles ARE non-slip and comfortable, and the tongs are sturdy. They don't twist when you grab a large steak on the grill. The locking feature seems common with tongs, but works nicely.They may be dishwasher safe, but I hand wash my stainless tools and knives.", 'I needed a longer pair of tongs for the grill and these have been perfect.  I have had them for a while now and used them quite a bit.  You have precise control with these and the rubberized grips are very comfortable.  OXO Good Grips products are usually pretty good and these are no exception.', 'They work well and are a good size for bagels and pastries...I like the slide up lock better then the cheap-o metal ring around the last tongs we had for our Thursday morning office breakfast.', 'What more is there to say than these are another in the long line of quality OXO products.  The 12-inch tongs replaced a pair of cheap tongs that came apart, quite literally, at the seams.  Easy to use, easy to clean, excellent grip.', 'Summer is here, which means more of our family\'s meals shift from our kitchen to our gas barbecue grill, keeping the house cool. Strong, sturdy tools with appropriate reach are essential.I purchased four brands of 16-inch tongs from Adcraft, Update International, Browne Foodservice, and Oxo. Each tong is made of brushed stainless steel with a scalloped edge. They are all dishwasher safe but have no locking mechanism, except for the Oxo tong.I\'ve tried both 8-inch and 10-inch tongs but the added leverage comes at a cost. The 16-inch length is important to avoid exposing my hands and arms to the grill heat and possible flare-ups. The only downside with these 16-inch tongs is storage, which is made less convenient without a locking mechanism. The solution is surprisingly easy and cheap. I use a rubber band to hold the tong closed.Adcraft XHT-16 16" Long, Extra Heavy Stainless Steel Utility Tong: $9.99 -- This tong from Admiral Craft is stamped "StainlessSteel[India]" and is the heaviest of the four brands. It also features the smoothest spring action. My wife noted that it is harder to close but I like the added heft, especially when turning grilling heavier items like pork ribs.Update International ST-16XH/CS 18/0 Stainless Steel Extra Heavy-Duty Spring Tongs: $4.09 -- This tong is made of 18/0 stainless steel material and slightly lighter than Admiral Craft with a snappier spring action. My wife liked this because this tong is easier to close. I can appreciate that but the spring feels less sturdy. Given that the Update brand is half the price of the Admiral Craft, that difference is forgivable.Browne Foodservice 2513 Stainless Steel Heavy Duty Coil Spring Operated Utility Tong: $4.73 -- At 1-mm thickness, this stainless steel tong feels a lot like the one from Update International. The spring action is too loose for my preference. It is sufficient enough to turn grilled chicken thighs but larger cuts of meat can slip through the scalloped edges.At one-third the price of theOxo Good Grips Locking Tongs ($14.95), the Update International tong is the best value. For roughly $15, I\'d rather own three pairs of 16-inch tongs than one. Compared to Admiral Craft, the Oxo tong is worth the additional $5 cost because it offers cushioned, nonslip handles, thumb rests and a locking mechanism.All of these tongs are sturdy enough for a summer of grilling. Each tong is rolled into a `U\' shape for added strength. I don\'t like to grill with mitts or gloves, so I have to pay attention to heat transfer. Still, bare-handed grilling gives me a better feel, especially with lighter items like strips of zucchini or squash.Of all four brands of tongs, I liked Browne Foodservice the least and, since it costs more than the Update International brand, there is little reason to recommend this brand.* Rating: Five stars (best construction)Oxo Good Grips Locking Tongs* Rating: Four starsAdcraft XHT-16 16" Long, Extra Heavy Stainless Steel Utility Tong* Rating: Four stars (value buy)Update International ST-16XH/CS 18/0 Stainless Steel Extra Heavy-Duty Spring Tongs* Rating: Three starsBrowne Foodservice 2513 Stainless Steel Heavy Duty Coil Spring Operated Utility Tong', 'This product is typical high quality Oxo Good Grips. It is perfect cooking tool and one no cook should be without. I have washed it several times in my dishwasher and notice no rusting or discoloration.  I do wash it on top rack though too.  I love the easy open device on the end.  I just tap it on coun ter and it opens one handed.', 'These are very sturdy and long enough to give you leverage for that big steak on the grill.  Easy to clean stainless steel.', "I lost one of my two sets of nylon tipped locking tongs during a recent move and decided to try the steel-tipped tongs so that I could use them on the grill (I've used the nylon-tipped ones on the grill but I'm always worried about melting them). The tongs have long been one of my go-to kitchen items, especially for sauteing/pan frying various foods and for tossing pasta. The locking feature is wonderful for storage, and the little loop at the top is large enough that I can hang the tongs from the hooks on my kitchen workstation.", 'These Oxo Good Grips tongs are perfect for the kitchen.It is long enough and big enough to be useful for cooking in large quantities yet maneuverable enough for day to day use.The rubber handles are comfortable and make the tongs easy to hold.  The locking mechanism is simple and easy to use.  The tongs are also sturdy yet light.  One other good thing about these is that the rubber grips make them useful even when wet or for hot food.Pros:- Sturdy- Lightweight- Comfortable to hold- Good locking mechanism- Good size- Rubber grips insulate against hot foodOverall:- This pair of tongs are great for everyday use and designed with the user in mind.', 'I had a smallish pair of tongs for turning eggplant and cutlets while sauteeing. Tired of burnt fingers, I invested in the locking OXO tongs. Good move. The lock allows you to put the tongs in a drawer, and you just pull the ring at the top to unlock and get the full spread of the tongs.The longer handle, insulated with plastic, means your hands stay cool and more importantly, at a distance from spitting bacon, hot slices of eggplant or a frying chicken breast. They also work fine on the outdoor barbecue grill, though LONGER tongs would be good if your grill is larger than my puny one.', 'excellent, just as described. We want to toss it would work with both salad and pasta.', 'These tongs are great for grilling! I had looked all over for these. I have their smaller ones and love them. I knew OXO made them, but could never find them.Thanks Amazon!', "These are great tongs, as are the silicone tipped ones.  I use these on the grill for some items which my very large grilling tongs can't really grab.  The silicone tongs aren't appropriate for the grill so I use these.  The silicone ones get used on nonstick surfaces.  The bottom lines is I have the tongs I need for all by cooking and baking.", "I've finally replaced my archaic tongs with this Oxo Good Grips Tongs. I use it for everything. Great product. Don't hesitate. Just buy a pair.", 'FIRST OFF YOU CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH ANY OXO ITEM.  QUALITY EVERY TIME!  THESE TONGS ARE SO WELL MADE & I LOVE THE LOCKING MECHANISM.  IF YOUR LOOKING FOR TONGS~ SNAP ONE UP!', "Very useful.  purchased on recommendation of America's test kitchen.  Good quality, comfortable and easy to clean. I also purchased the 12 inch locking tongs.  Arrived on time and in great condition", 'I love these tongs.  The locking mechanism is simple, and exceptionally useful in keeping these things out of the way when they are not picking stuff up.', 'These are the best tongs I\'ve found.  I have them in both sizes & with/without the plastic tips.  I use the 9" (smaller) tongs for tossing salads & other non-heat tasks.  I like the long (12"), non-plastic tip tongs for grilling & cooking - the extra length comes in handy when you\'re over heat.  The plastic tip tongs come in handy for pasta & other "soft" food items - I use them less often but they still come in handy.One of the best things about these is that they store in the drawer so easily.  No more wrapping a rubber band around the tongs to keep them together.  You just pull up on the top lever & they lock shut.  It\'s also great when cooking to just bump that lever on the counter & they open.  The lever is rubber coated so it doesn\'t scratch anything & the rubber grips on the handles keep the tongs from getting slippery in your hand.  I throw them in the dishwasher to clean.These are used daily in our house & after 5+ years, they still work great.  They are on my short-list of most useful kitchen utensils.', 'The tongs are very satisfactory.  They are easy to use.  I wash mine by hand usually, but probably not needed.  The product has held up to much use & are a perfect size.', "The thongs are a bit hard to handle for me and I have rather large hands.  They also didn't come together perfectly nor did they feel too sturdy although I didn't really test them.", "To be honest, I'm pretty neutral about these.  I like the rubber grip at the base and the scalloped edges at the tips.  It makes gripping things so much easier.  But when it comes down to it, they are just tongs.  But I don't have anything bad to say.", "I've been having a pair of these for years.  Buying another as a X-Mas gift.  The long arms are great for the barbecue pit and very strong.  You can't go wrong with any OXO product.", 'I have small hands, these tongs are light and just the right size. I bought them to use with my baby Q grill and they are perfect.', 'I had a larger tong which I had been using but wanted a smaller one.  This one is the perfect size for my needs and is very well made. I highly recommend it.', 'Good quality tongs, sturdy and easy to grip food with. I call this a good investment for my kitchen. . .', "Excellent precise gripping surface for turning/ moving hot food with a handle that doesn't get hot. Locking mechanism works well. Very happy with this purchase.", 'If you have a charcoal grill, this is an awesome product! Move the coals, flip your food, all while not burning your hands!', 'I love these tongs! They are very well made and do the job great! I would buy them again and would recommend them to anyone!', "Sturdy and easy to handle, these tongs make it easy to grab, flip, turn or retreive just about anything.  The long, rubber coated handles let you keep your cool while using them to reach into a pot of boiling water, a barbecue or a hot frying pan.  The locking feature is great for storage, making the tongs easy to fit in a drawer.  I never thought I would be espousing the praises of tongs but these are one of the small things that make life in the kitchen much easier.Update: (10/07) America's Test Kitchen agrees with me!! They rated these as the best tongs also!", 'I purchased these tongs for barbecuing and removing items from the hot pressure cooker.  They work great, and the rubberized grips make them easy to hold and operate.  Excellent for flipping steaks, burgers, et. al. without stabbing them and losing all the juice into the fire.  Very easy to clean.', "I recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend's house. So I checked around and found these tongs on Amazon, looked at the ratings, and got a pair for myself and some for that friend and another. We all love them. They pick up large artichokes with no problem. They're long enough to use on the grill. They wash up in the dishwasher and stay closed in the drawer. They look good, feel good, and work very well. I'm very pleased with this item, as I have been with everything else I've gotten from OXO.", "OXO is famous for its inventive changes on the old standbys in the kitchen, and this set of tongs is no exception. It's the only tool to use if your trying to fish out turkey bones on the bottom of your soup pot--no scalded fingers! I love the locking mechanism, too, so that it doesn't crowd the utensil drawer. A great buy.", 'I like these tongs. As a beginning griller I find them very useful for turning all types of meat. Recommend!', "These are very well-made tongs. The locking mechanism helps to save on storage space. That's all I can really say about kitchen tongs.", "They are the best tongs I have ever had.  Very sturdy and the locking device makes it very easy to store them.  Couldn't be happier with my purchase.", 'Why do I love them?  Because of the way they "feel" in my hand and they way that they store on my utinsil crock.  Use this size all most every day.', 'These are great for any type of kitchens.  It has a grippy rubber handle and a slide lock.  The spoon area is nice and wide for all types of foods (except cooked fish fillet).  Very durable and well weighted.', "In the past, I used the all-metal, cheaper tongs. You know... the ones that come in a multipack.They worked fine but ended up getting rusty spots. (Though probably my fault for letting them air dry in the dishwasher. Ha!)I use other OXO branded items in my kitchen and finally gave in and purchased their tongs. Yes, they're a tad pricey when compared to the all-metal (and cheaper) ones, but sometimes you DO get what you pay for.(1) Rubberized grip is great.(2) The actual tong part is stainless-steel and it's large/scalloped to hold most anything. (Or flip meat on the grill).(3) The locking mechanism at the top? Great. My old (cheap) metal ones had a sliding rectangular &#34;lock&#34; that would always slide down when I was using them. Not this... Hold the tongs closed and pull up on the hang tab at the top. Locked. Push it down... Unlocked. Nice!I like these so much I'm buying another one.", 'These tongs are the perfect length for cooking on the grill. I use a kettle grill which can get especially hot, but I get relief when using these tongs.These are solid build and they do not feel for anything when picking up heavy items. That is one of my pet peeves of previous tongs that I have owned. They flex to the point that the object being grasped falls out. I have not even come close to that point with these.The locking mechanism on the back works great as well.', "This is a sturdy, well-made version of a common design. The biggest difference between this one and the others I have had is that this one really works.It's stable at the hinge and doesn't easily twist or mis-align. The lock mechanism works, holding them closed to a fairly narrow opening.I was at my daughter's the other day, and she and I were joking about the junky pair she has: the lock locks them at about halfway open. Why bother?These are good tongs. I'm only holding back one star because I wish they were 100% stainless steel.", "I've tried several stainless tongs and this is the best yet.  My previous favorites had the spring rust out after a year or so of heavy use and many trips through the dishwasher.  I think these will hold up better and they have all the features.  Rubber inserts in the handles for a good grip.  Locking tab in the hinge to keep them folded up for storage.  Just the right shape and serrations on the business end for gripping just about anything you would want to use them for.  I'll be getting more of this brand!", 'Tongs. Yes, I know, you can get tongs anywhere. Well, let me tell you, I have used countless pairs of "nice" and "professional" grill tongs through the years and nothing has held up like my Oxo tongs. This is by far one of the most important tools in your grilling arsenal...at least outside of your grill and maybe the beer you should be drinking while using your grill.The 16 inch tongs are long enough so that you don\'t burn your hands on the grill and sturdy enough so that you can lift an entire turkey from grate to platter.  I will use nothing else!', 'Love these tongs. They stay closed, well made [stainless steal] and grips are positioned at the right place[not to low or high; have big hands]. No plastic/rubber near the business end. Highly Recommended!', "These are so nice. Wasn't sure if they would be too long at first but when I got them I found out quickly that they are perfect. My hands are sensitive to heat and these allow me to turn the meats etc. without having my hands directly over the heat. Grips are strong and sturdy and the strips on each side make it super comfy to hold. Like the little locking feature at the top.", 'great product. just what i wanted! perfect size! plus better then plastic ends so they dont melt!', 'These tongs are simply fantastic. The spring tension is just right. They stay closed when you need them closed, yet are easy to open. They clean up well and are durable. Buy one pair with steel tips, and one with nylon tips. Why bother with anything else?', 'A 12" set of tongs like these cover 90% of your needs, unless you grill a lot, perhaps, or cook regularly with unusually large frying pans, braziers, or stockpots.  I like the Oxo tongs quite a bit, which is saying a lot, as I don\'t think highly of the brand generally.  These have a good feel to them, the rubber grip surface is effective for non-slip purposes as well as heat insulation, and the the locking mechanism makes it particularly easy to accommodate in kitchen drawers, the dishwasher, or a utensil pot.  The ends have a useful bend to them that makes picking up food items easy.  I wish the stainless were just a bit heavier-gauge, but in practice, I haven\'t had any bending problems.Again, good for 90% of normal kitchen needs.  A longer set of tongs is probably a better choice for grilling, but even there, these are fine for the odd item or so.', "These grips are made well and grip tight. Hey are basic but will do the normal stuff you need them for. They are also nice and long so if you're BBQ-ing you won't get burned!", "typical OXO quality: sturdy and long lasting.  the extended length is perfect for using on the grill.  i've lifted 10lbs chickens with it with zero flex.", 'I have several pairs of these tongs in various sizes and with different "gripping" materials.  I bought these specifically for my grill and I have not been disappointed.  I have used numerous sets of tongs and these are, by far, the best.  The heads are the most dexterous of any pair of tongs I\'ve found and the locking mechanism is simple and effective.', "*****These tongs are sturdy, and fine for all tong tasks. OXO makes these tongs in the 9-inch, 12-inch, and 16-inch size. Note that these tongs do NOT have nylon tips at the bottom edges, like another version of OXO tongs that I much prefer.  These would not be safe for using on non-stick cookware; however, you could use these tongs for many things you couldn't use the nylon head tongs for because there is no nylon to potentially melt, so you wouldn't have to be as careful with them.These stainless steel tongs are a great alternative to the cheap aluminum tongs that feel flimsy and break easily. OXO products, including this one, are always easier to use and of high quality.They store easily in a smaller space because of the locking mechanism at the top and they have a loop if you want to hang them. They clean easily, too. They should be good to go for any kitchen task.*****", 'I ordered a pair of these tongs as a gift because I love the pair that I have. However, this item did not arrive in new condition. The product tag was stapled onto the tongs, suggesting that they had been returned. In addition, the tongs were held together with 1/2" tape-- something that should have been unnecessary, given that the stem can be pulled out to keep the tongs in a closed position (which was not necessary for shipping). The item was clean, but seemed to have been used. Perhaps I was predisposed to see a problem once I saw the stapled tag and the tape around the tongs, but this was quite a disappointment.', 'Oxo Good Grips 16-Inch Locking Tongs should be named Oxo "Great" Grips because that is just how they perform.  I love the locking mechanism, their length easily reaches the back of my grill, easy to handle, and the tongs nicely grip everything from grilled vegetables to foil packets without tearing them.  They appear to be very well made and I expect to be using them for a very long time.', 'I own a few of these and could not cook or serve without them.  Highly recommend that you pick up two because you WILL use them.', "Okay-- what is all this talk about cooking.  These OXO tongs are more versatile than that.  We use them all over the house, and outdoors as well.  We currently own four pairs.The first usage we put them to is the one you probably expect:  cooking.  As long as they are, they're good for BBQ'ing and working with other hot foods.  They also work for shifting coals and burning branches in an emergency.The second use we have for them are as toys.  I bought two pairs in December for my son and daughter.  They use them constantly (instead of mine) for playing with playdough and as nabber-grabbers.  Nabber-grabbers can be used with Polly Pockets, Thomas the Tank engine, and bean bags if you didn't already know that.  They also provide great hand exercise for small fry--or so says an OT teacher friend of mine.The final pair I have specially marked as they are used in the bathroom to pull Polly and Thomas and said bean bags out of the toilet.  They are long enough I don't have to get my hands 'involved'.  Yuck.Five Stars.  Multiple uses:  cooking, games, cleanup.  They don't take up a lot of storage space, and they are affordable.", 'The Oxo Good Grips 12&#34; tongs are great.  They provide a secure grip for both your hands and food you&#8217;re picking up.  Excellent for flipping steaks or turning a 3-5 pound pork loin.  They can be locked in the closed position easily and securely by pulling the tab at the end.  The hinge feels sturdy and gives enough resistance to control what you&#8217;re doing.', 'Excellent tongs. The length allowed me to reach over an open campfire and grab foil wrapped items, corn on the cob and other items that were cooking over a fire. Also great to use on a big grill/griddle in a professional kitchen. I use these in culinary school too and they are great!', 'If you buy one of these, you\'ll wonder how you ever managed without it!  Whether you\'re turning steaks on the grill, arranging chicken breasts in the saute pan or pulling potato pancakes out of the frying pan, this is THE tool.  Comfortable in the hand, with just the right "springiness" in the hinge.  Put it in the dishwasher when you\'re done, lock it closed when you put it away in the drawer (but it won\'t stay there long).', 'These are a vast improvement in functionality over a cheaper set of tongs I had. I also have a barbecue set with some tongs that are so large as to be nearly useless. These work much better for turning things on the grill. They are sturdy and well made.', 'I have 4 pairs of these and could not cook without them.  For grilling, sauteing, tossing pasta and salads, or grabbing a piece of food from between the grates of the range, they are indispensible.', "I can't add much to the previous reviews... I love them, too.  They're very comfortable, convenient, and easy-care.  I have very small hands and my husband has very large hands, and we both find these OXO tongs to be very comfortable and versatile.  Another great OXO product!", 'A must have for any one that grills or smokes.  The long handles and rubber grips keeps hands from getting hot.', "I've had these tongs for two years. I probably use them every day and I love them. They are stainless steel and so far do not have a spec of rust anywhere. The rubberized grip make them easy to use and gives me a good cool place to grab hold of if I accidentally leave them sitting in the skillet. They lock closed for storage, which is also a very nice feature. I actually got them as part of a 10-piece utensil set and this is my favorite piece from the set.", 'I had the longer version of these tongs, and used them so often that I needed another pair.  I use them nearly every day; they are easy to use and do what I want them to.', "Easy to use and extremely useful for grilling! A great Oxo product that does exactly what you want it to do - they're easy to open and close and the longer reach is great for extra reach on our large grill and our smoker. I highly recommend these if you're looking for longer tongs.", 'I have owned mine for 1 month,I saw this morning it had rusted in several places.I am throwing them away and getting a new one.', "I was browsing for a new set of tongs, absolutely nothing wrong with the set I have because I find them so handy that I really could use a second pair. Oddly enough I didnt really know where I got my original pair from or what brand they were, but these are it!  The same ones I've been using for ages.  Not at all expensive but work great for cooking almost everything.  I highly recommend these if you're looking for a pair of tongs.", "I am a big fan of OXO and was not disappointed in these tongs. They feel hefty in your hand and are easy to lock closed and unlock when they're needed. I'm sure I'll get years and years worth of use out of these.", 'They are easy to use and are easy to open when you only have one hand. They are accurate to pick up small pieces.', 'These are a bit longer than my old ones which works well on the grill. No more cooked knuckles! Quality product.', 'Ok people, they are tongs. Not much to say here. The design is simple. They are great for picking up and moving around hot food. I use them all the time for grilling out and they never get too hot to hold. After three years, they still show no signs of wear or rust.Recommended: Yes', "They really grab on and hold.We also got the teflon coated ones for salads and more 'fragile' foods.Nice to have both.", 'Everything good except it is hard to thoroughly clean all the inside groove and nooks. The lock works good and  smoothly ,seems durable. Used daily. Will buy again but it might be a long time before it needs replacing.', 'We have owned these tongs for a while now and I cannot find anything to complain about!  The handle(s) are very sturdy - allowing you to really get a good squeeze on something if it is heavy or slippery.  The stainless steel always emerges from the dishwasher spotlessly clean and the "locking" mechanism allows these to be stored in the folded position, saving me a lot of cluttered drawer headaches!Seriously, these would be good tongs at any price and at this price they are well worth the money spent.', "Tongs are the workhorse of a kitchen, and these are an exceptionally good version.  They are stainless steel, have rubber grips, and are a good length.The ability to lock when the hook is pulled is a good one.  The manual lock is much better than the kind that lock when you point them a certain way, even though this requires more than one hand to use it.  The auto-locking type are always locking when I don't want them to.  The lock is really only useful to make them collapse for storage, and if you are putting it away, you probably also have both hands free.The length of this one is just right.  The jaws spread larger than with smaller tongs, which allows grabbing larger items.  It also gives you some reach, which is important when using them on something in the middle of a hot pan.  I have a set of smaller ones that I rarely use, so if you only want one, this is the right one to get.The only negative is that the metal head can scratch nonstick pans if you aren't careful with it.Sean P. Logue, 2007", 'I have a longer version for the grill, I wanted another one for kitchen use for pan seared steaks and pork chops. They are the perfect size and easy to wash. No complaints what so ever.', "I used to be a cook many moons ago, and was looking for some tongs that were of the same quality as commercial quality tongs. These are even better. The soft part on the handles keeps them from burning your hands and is great when you're standing there holding them for any length of time. I find this size is perfect for all around tong needs. I use them to grill, to take bread or bread sticks off pans in the oven, remove baked potatoes from the oven, turning bacon, you name it. They're also great for serving and they get a good grip on the food item and are easy to handle.I had one set of these already for years, and though they look like they did when I bought them I use them so much I wanted another pair so I didn't have to be constantly washing them. They go in the dishwasher nicely and lock in a closed position which is great if you're limited on space.We have a fairly small kitchen, but if I had more space I'd get a few more pairs of these.", "I bought these, believe it or not, because I have trouble reaching the bottom of my new washing machine.  I'm 5'5&#34; and have average length arms, but those errant socks were sure difficult to reach on the far side of this &#34;energy efficient&#34; washer until I thought of getting some tongs. Did the trick.", "I purchased one of these over ten years ago, and it still looks brand new. I have the 16 inch one. It works really well for BBQ. The rubber keeps it cool, and keeps it from ever getting slippery when wet. You can get a great grip on just about anything. The only con with this length is storing it.At thanksgiving I was helping out my mother prepare dinner. She asked me use her tongs. I didn't realize how wonderful the OXO Tongs were until I tried using hers. It was just utter frustration trying to use her average tongs.I went out and purchased her all three sizes from amazon that evening when I got home, and mailed them directly to her. (I told her if she wanted my help in the kitchen, she needed these!)My mother is quite the cook. She enjoys spending time in the kitchen, and for the last 5 months, every time I talk to her she mentions how much she LOVES these tongs. &#34;They are just the best thing ever!&#34; She has 60 years of experience with kitchen utensils, and if she is WOW'ed by something, it has to be great!Overall OXO utensils have been my favorite over the years. They have outlasted most of my kitchenaid ones.", "These are the tongs you are looking for if you want something thatisn't expensive, built to last and are nice and long so you don't burnyourself.  Very hard to find in stores at this length.  We had a cheapknock off pair of these originally and the OXOs are made of much heaviergauge stainless steel.  Great!!!", 'I\'m sure everyone else has already reviewed the details of this product so let me instead assure you that these LAST.  We use these on a daily basis (though we do have two of the exact same kind for when we need to use two in a day) and after 6 years of use they still work perfectly.  I even "misuse" them by pulling them closed with my teeth if my other hand is occupied and have had no issues.  We dishwash them all of the time - so often are these in the dishwasher that they have their own special "spot".We cook and bake a lot in our house and these are undoubtedly the MOST used kitchen utensil we own, and still in perfect condition.  What more is there to be said?  Well done Oxo!', 'Oxo makes the best kitchen and barbeque tools and these are no exception. They are very sturdy and grip tightly, even on large cuts of meat.', 'The spring is too weak, making these more difficult to control.  The Weber 16" tongs seem better and less expensive.  This product is okay and does the job, but not great.  Generally I really like Oxo products.', "I love these tongs.  OXO makes wonderful products, they are ergonomic so they aren't hard to use.  These are heaven sent.  The rubber handles keeps you from burning your hands when you accidently leave them in a hot skillet or on a hot stove.  They also lock, which is a nice feature for when you want to put them away.  I love this tool.  You can sautee with these, use them while tossing pasta or salad, or when you need to move a hot lid.  I can't say enough nice things about these tongs, I use mine every day.", 'We have the 9 inch and 12 inch; love them both.  Accidentally bought the 9 inch originally with silicone at the grasping portion; it could not pick up much.  This work as desired.  Used for the grill, oven, and stovetop.', 'These tongs are cleverly designed and solidly built, with a good, sturdy spring, a convenient locking mechanism and comfortable, stay-cool rubber handles. They are great for barbecues, stir fry, salad and more. Very convenient.The 12-inch is the best size for all-around use.', 'Overall I highly recommend this item. They have not shown any rust spots yet, keeping in mind I hand-wash immediately and let drip dry. They are easily handled, and appropriate weight and the locking mechanism is great for when you only have one hand available.', 'I use them whenever I BBQ or grill.  Love them.  They work great!', "couldn't find anything like this at the store so i am glad i found it online. these are great grilling thongs.", "An ex took these when he moved out and I'm just getting around to replacing them. Glad I did - I've used them at least every other day since receiving them. I forgot how useful they are.", "We grill frequently and this product is used often and I haven't had any problems.  Keep in mind that they are long so storing them might be a problem.", 'I have OXO 12" tongs and love them in the kitchen, so I ordered these 16" ones for the outdoor grill. These 16" tongs have a weak spring so that when you release them, they do not spring open like the 12" ones do. You have to kind of use your fingers to pry them back to the open position, making them very annoying. I already threw away the packaging assuming I would like them otherwise I would definitely return. Buy 12" instead and you will be happy.', "OXO makes good gear and this set of tongs is both comfortable and built well.  The plastic handle keeps the end from getting too hot when stirring pasta or other work where it's exposed to heat for a long time.I use this for frying, stirring, turning, tossing, grabbing, and find able to handle it all.  I have used these types of tongs for years, and the plastic handle is a nice addition.  So is the locking tab that keeps them closed for storage.  The smart additions make this gadget even more convenient to use.", "These tongs are exactly what everyone needs.  The spring tension is perfect, not too light and not too heavy (this is actually important, I had a pair of tongs with a very stiff spring, made grabbing things very difficult as you needed to press very hard).  The rubber grips are nice and help when you have wet hands, and the locking mechanism is nice to use, although I don't see anything wrong with the &#34;traditional&#34; ring of metal that cheaper tongs have that just slides up and down the body of the tongs.  I will be using tongs a lot more from now on, great for flipping or moving food around the pan without breaking it up like spatulas sometimes do, or use to serve food at the table.", 'I have tried many other types of tongs, and these are by far my favorite.  Easy to clean, compact for drawer space, and EASY to use!  Light weight and far less complicated than traditional scissor style tongs.  Every cook, beginner to Chef, should have these!  Great as part of a gift basket for newlyweds or new home owners too!', 'I cook a lot (not trained) and use tongs a lot.  It is very maddening when you cannot grab something hot in the pan.  These tongs are just the right size:  not too long, substantial but not too much so and can grab anything.  I really like them.', 'oxo tongs, good quality for a china product. grip feels good in hand and works smoothly as i expected from a cooks country rating.', 'I like the lock that holds the tongs together, never had this before.  Good tongs and although I probably should not they wash well in the dishwasher.', "I've owned a pair of tongs like this for many years, and finally had to replace them. I was happy to see they are still being made. I really like how easy they are to unlock.", 'I received these as a bridal shower gift and I love them. They are the perfect size and weight and seem very strong and durable. Stains do not set on these and I love the rubbery grip on them. A great value, you will use these forever without having to replace them.', "Best I've found so far. Unlike collared tongs, the Oxo locking mechanism will not accidentally engage while tongs are in use. They have good stiffness and torsional rigidity and the metal at the gripping ends is thick so you won't cut into your steaks/wings/whatever even under high grip pressure. Rubber handle inserts give these a solid feel that provides confidence when you're using them. Price is right too!", "OXO products are usually very good.  They are designed with consumer comfort and ergonomics in mind.  They are usually very well made and solid items as well.These tongs are no exception.  The are large enough to give you good reach and distance from oil splatter.  They are absolutely invaluable in cooking, as an extension of your hand to move food items around in pots and pans without burning yourself.  It's so easy to use these to grab steak and flip em, MUCH easier than trying to flip with a fork, spatula, or other devices.  That's because this tool can actually grab and pick up food.  The rubber on the handles makes it very comfortable and helps with heat - I still wouldn't leave it in pot of hot water though, the stainless steel goes throughout, so it will still get hot, the rubber just helps.  The locking mechanism is strong and stable.  The entire thing is easy to wash and clean.  I haven't had any problems with these at all and would recommend them to anyone.If there was any improvements to be made, it would be to maybe have non-stick tips that were a little gentler on breaded foods.  Some kind of rubber/silicone/non-stick tip would be my next set of tongs.  I would like to have both versions.  The stainless steel tips have good grip, so I wouldn't want to sacrifice that.  So I think having one of each would be perfect.", "I've got several sets of these - a few in each kitchen, camping gear, etc.  These are well built and just work.", "I bought them for my husband, as I read about them on some blog about a man's kitchen or masculine cooking utensils.  They're all that.  He looks 4 inches taller when using them... and he can finally stop using a spoon and his fingers to pull the last carrots out of the stir fry.I hook them over the edge of our wooden-spoon jar.  The tab at the top locks them in a mostly closed position... making them less obnoxious to store than similar products.", 'I needed some extra long tongs for working in a soup pot without getting burned.  they work very well.  I am pleased.', "I got these cause I already own some OXO stuff. Was not disappointed.  It's stainless.  Got that nice rubbery grip.  The lock holds.  It doesn't feel chintzy of cheaply made.  I've grilled with it, scooped veggies out of pots with it, served with it, made nervous clicking noises with it and yes, I pinched the better half's bottom with it.  In case you're wondering, Better Half prefers the tongs to the salad tongs!", "No complaints with the actual clips - everything is well designed.  They are strong, durable, and easy to use (as most OXO stuff is) but ... they're a little expensive.", 'Holds well and sticks to metal great value', 'I really love these.  They really are all-purpose.  You can use them for chip bags, notes on the fridge, or just about anything else you may need a clip for.  I like the heavy plastic because cheaper versions tend to break it there is too much tension.', "These work really nicely for clamping bags of chips shut tightly. The magnets are convenient as these clamps stick right on the chalkboard door of my pantry. The tips that actually grip the bag are rubber coated. It's higher quality than it needs to be but I find that satisfying and typical of OXO products.", 'We recently ordered and received another batch of these high-performance clips from Oxo.  We already had a set from years back.  I came to write a review and started scanning reviews and was startled at how many less-than-fair star ratings are accumulating and read them.  Well, almost all are of the nature of "you can buy binder clips for less" and one is from a consumer who was unhappy that the clips would not support kitchen TOWELS, another unhappy because they roll their snack bags and the clips couldn\'t accommodate the "girth" of the roll, if you will. DON\'T be concerned about purchasing these clips, just look forward to receiving them.. they would make a nice small gift or a great little addition to a gift basket, we\'ve had the first set for more than four years and they still look NEW, their grip is still secure, they brighten up the kitchen, they are easy to use, I\'ve never had to clean them except for occasional "wipe-off", we already have our second set purchased very recently and they are just as outstanding as the old ones, let me put it this way:  The OLD ones are EQUAL to the NEW ones in EVERY way...how many times can you say that about an additional purchase of a favored item?? Buy without remorse, concern or guilt.  Especially if you prefer kitchen items that cheer up you and your kitchen rather than binder clips (which I despise unless forced to use binder clips for an inch or more of paper, I\'ve been "snapped" by them countless times and furthermore they\'re not intended for kitchen use where moisture could occur (i.e., rust), also small children can\'t handle binder clips easily and the smaller ones could pose a problem..esp. for toddlers.I\'m not for binder clips in the kitchen).  If there were a higher rating than five-stars I would give the highest rating possible to this product.  I just don\'t like to see product ratings that are low due to unrelated issues of the product.', 'Good clips - not the cheapie kind you get at the dollar store.  Should last a good while.', "I gave up on plastic chip clips after my mom showed me an obvious improvement: Binder clips. All metal construction, and a box of 12 costs less than just one of these plastic clips. I use them everywhere. Only loss is that they don't have magnets on them.", 'These are well made and sturdy with a great grip. Use them to close bags and hold messages. The little magnet keeps them attached to any metal surface. Those other so called bag clips crack and fall apart. Not these. Must buy!', 'These clips are great.  We use them for anything and have had them in the fridge and freezer.  They keep a nice tight seal and do not break in the freezer.  Much better then the junk ones we bought before these.', "I don't mean to be a stick in the mud, but why spend this much for 4 of these, when you can buy a huge pack (50 or more) of wooden clothespins for less than $3.00?  I've been using them as chip-clips, cereal bag clips, cookbook page holders, etc. for years. and they never break.  Don't buy the colored plastic ones - wood ones are best. I keep them in a little wire bin in my junk drawer, and never have to hunt.", 'Well made, stylish, good looking clips with magnets. You could feel that they are a little expensive if you are willing to shop around in a $ store. A good filler item to get free shipping ;-)', 'These clips are sturdy and very useful. You can stick them on the frig to hold things or use to close bags. They are definitely a good item to buy!', 'As a culinary historian and author of CALIFORNIA PIONEERS, THEIR STORIES, CULTURE AND CUISINE, I use these bag grips for much more than in the kitchen. Yes, they are handy to have in the kitchen, they stick to a refrigerator and the side of a stove. I use them to grab all sorts of items I need to keep handy when I am testing antique recipes... oven mitts, notes, recipe cards, small bags of spices.  And then there are the general uses, the logical ones that come to mind...closing bags of chips and crackers. BUT WAIT! Let\'s not restrict Good Grips Bag Clips to the obvious...I use them in my office...just as they stick to a refrigerator they also stick to a metal file cabinet...great for messages, outgong mail and "TO-DO" lists.These are also wonderful for organizing kid stuff...give each child a set in their favorite color.', "These are awesome.  I love that they stick to the fridge so I am always able to find them.  Coincidentally they make an excellent way to hold heavy mail objects on your fridge as well!  They work fabulously; couldn't ask for more in a chip clip.", 'These are great clips.  These clips hold the bag tightly shut.  I will buy more in the future.  The colors are great, but it would be nice if more colors were available', "I bought these, but there not as strong as Binder Clips, that I bought at the stationary store, and the binder clips are alot Less money, and you get a box of them, not just 4...I don't keep a bunch of junk cliped on my refigerator, so I kept these OX0 clips in the drawer, they also take up more space then the Binder Clips do...I'm not impressed with these clips.But I gave them a 2 star for color!!! Big deal lol...", "Before I bought these clips I used generic blue clippers that were given to me as a promotion for AARP.  I didn't know there was a commercial product I could buy to close bags and anything else I needed closed.  Well I saw these at the supermarket and bought them to see if they worked.  NOT only do they work they work marvelously well!  I love that they have magnets on them so I am never looking for them in my kitchen drawer.  They hold fast and never let go.  I am buying five sets today from Amazon for less than the supermarket charges and their in pretty colors to boot.  The ones I bought previously were only in white.  These work so well to close bags within their boxes like cracker and cereal bags. I am giving a set to each of my daughters and daughter in laws.", "Oxo has a winner with these.Small and convenient. There is a size or two up that I like the best from Oxo however. These work well for small bags and notes stuck to the fridge. The only beef I have with them is that the magnet strength is too weak. Bump this while walking past your fridge and they'll fall to the floor.Otherwise, a good overall clip.", 'This is a great little set of clips that also function as refrigerator magnets, helping you organize bills, phone numbers -- whatever things you need to have out in plain sight for ready reference and easy access. They are also washable, so greasy kitchen finger prints are not a problem.', "I agree with reviewer Jill, this is one of the most functional gadgets in my kitchen. I use them every day. I have 2 sets, one black &amp; one white, and I just ordered a 3rd set in multicolor. They're great for all kinds of food bags: coffee, cat food, cereal, pasta, rice, anything that comes in a bag. I have one on my front door to hold notes or letters to be mailed. I have one on my refrigerator for notes &amp; grocery lists. I use them in my home office as giant paperclips to hold stacks of papers. I use them in the bathroom on bags of cotton balls &amp; other supplies. There seems to be no end to the uses!", 'These clips are excellent - brightly colored, high quality, and they grip onto anything.', "These clips are excellent.  They won't change your life, but they're extremely handy.  They are quite well-made.  They last, and they maintain a tight grip rather than losing their &quot;spring&quot; after repeated use.  Also, the relatively wide and flat surface on the business end does a better job than most alternatives at holding closed a wide-mouthed bag of pretzels, chips, etc.  The bright colors are also attractive, and the fact that they double as refrigerator magnets is a nice twist.", 'I received these clips as a stocking stuffer.  What a great IDEA and a great GIFT.  They are more durable then the wide plastic clips I have used in the past.  They are in bright fun colors and the design is attractive.  BONUS!  These clips are easy to find, they have attached magnents allowing them to store right on my fridge!', "If you have a clip that holds this much - you'd expect it not to slip either down the fridge, or let loose of its contents right? This one performs well on all accounts.", 'I purchased these bag clips, as I was tired of those cheap bag ties that are on a loaf of bread! These bag clips are so easy to use and work great! I would buy them again and would recommend them!', 'These are not real strong in my opinion. i love the colors and they work well for light weight items and small bags!', 'I have a kitchen full of OXO and I am still buying more.  A very good brand.  I love these colorful bag clips as they are also have magnets to keep them handy.', 'I just love these things!  I have had this set for about 4 years and not one has broken.  I use them for chips as well as freezer items.Another feature that I enjoy is not having to dig through a kitchen drawer to find them since they stick to the fridge.*******Update 11/07/08After 4 years I still have three of the 4 clips.  Only one has broken and since they stick to the fridge I have not even lost one of the clips.  This to me is impressive!', 'Like the 3 bears, I love a bowl of porridge in the morning. I like mine just right, like Baby Bear does, with a splash of milk, and maybe a drizzle of honey, or Golden Syrup if it\'s a weekend. What I don\'t love is when I take my first mouthful and have to spit it out all over the floor because I\'ve crunched into a weevil.Weevils were the bane of my, and my porridge oats\', life before I happened upon this stupendous set of 4 bag clips from OXO. Now I can keep my oats in a plastic bag, safe in the knowledge that they\'re sealed away from weevils and the destructive power of oxygen. Second only to weevil infestation is staleness, and odour from other products stored in the same cupboard as the oats. These Clips keep my oats fresh and tasty. Now everyone wants to gobble them down!Incidentally, reviewer Jenna is very perceptive when she claims "these [OXO Good Grips Bag Clips, Set of 4, Multi-Colored] have all sorts of uses that even I haven\'t thought of!". I recently learned that Free Diver and Haircare specialist Tanya Streeter used these OXO clips on her nose when she successfully attempted her record breaking dive last year. Incredible, but not surprising, considering the robust nature of these wonderful OXO Bag Clips. Top marks. Buy, buy, buy!', "*****OXO Clips are great.  They are sturdy, virtually unbreakable, and have magnets on them so that you can stick them to the refrig, or they'll stick together in a part of your drawer.I use them for everything.  I've stopped using those chip clips which slide off, and you also have to fiddle with them to get them on.  Someone mentioned Binder Clips...yes, but they are harder to get on and off, ugly, and very tight; sometimes you want a clip that holds things together well but doesn't crush them---this is hard to explain, but I'll just say that I find the amount of tension on the OXO Clips ideal.OXO makes easy-to-use real handy products, and I have never been disappointed in any of them.  At this price, you can afford to try the clips out.  You'll probably want to buy more.  Then you can use yellow for chips, red for cereal, blue for...well, you get the picture...if you want to get really organized and have fun, too...(I'm not that organized).Great buy.*****", "If you need bag clips, and who doesn't, these are for you. The magnetic base allows you to store them on the fridge and the heavy spring should last a long while.", 'I have a few "chip bag type clips" and they really are not as good as these new Oxo Good Grips clips. I love them. They can be used to keep any bag closed or even to hang notes on the fridge.Want to keep a page open in a cookbook? They will hang out on your cookbook to help you out.The soft grip makes them easy to use and the rubber edge grips bags securely. They don\'t slip off like those "other" bag clips. You know the ones.For bags of chips and everything else. Also keeps the bags of frozen veggies from spilling in the freezer!~The Rebecca ReviewP.S. The pictures here can be confusing. I ordered these again and they look like the top picture not the optional picture.', 'The magnets are handy, and you can fit a bunch in a small space.', "You can get cheaper chip clips, but you truly get what you pay for. I felt very proud of myself when I found some copy-cat oxo clips at a dollar store. Again, you get what you pay for. The oxo brand not only has a very strong spring, it has a wide gripping aread, so it grabs more material than just one little point where it can pop off a bag of chips. The wider surface area also means that if you accidentally pinch your finger in there, it doesn't take flesh off with it.The gripping area is also textured for a better grip. The plastic is thick and sturdy, so a thick bag of chips or a large bag of dog food isn't going to either send the clips flying into the air or breaking them.The magnets are very strong, so when you put these babies on your fridge, they're not slowly sliding down all day long. I've used them to hold coupons 5-thick and they haven't fallen down when the fridge door is closed like the cheaper brands.These are chip clips you can pass on to your grandkids! Unless you run them over with your car, these babies are going to last.", "These are very secure and never bend or get out of shape.  I've bought several packs and have had some of them for years.", "I have plenty of room on my fridge for storage. But not very much in cupboards and drawers. So some genius came up with the idea of sticking magnets on these babies, and they haven't gotten lost in our house since. I wish my walls were magnetic and more products could just be stuck on there for storage. Alright, that would look terrible, but these things are a great idea and they even look kind of nice and colorful decorating the fridge when they're not holding bags of chips closed.", "I have had the WORST luck with wire cheese slicers , regardless of  whether they were purchased at the grocery store or gourmet cooking shop. I actually had a $20.00 slicer fall apart with  its  very first use. I just bought this one a month ago, and though its longevity  has yet to be proven, I just had to slice a TON of cheese for a large family Christmas party of 30 people, and was SO glad I bought this when I did! I love the grippy handle, and it made relatively quick  work of 6 Sam's Club size blocks of cheese. It worked well  on cheddar, monterey jack, colby, colby jack and mozerella. It has a nice weight and feel, and if it's as good as the rest of the Good Grips line, I expect it to last for a very long time.", 'I love most OXO kitchen products, but I am tossing this one!  The wire is just too loose!  Somehow, I ended up with both this one and the Cuisipro around the same time.  I put the OXO in our trailer, thinking that it might be tolerable for limited use.  However, during our recent trip to Tillamook and Rogue River ("Cheese Land"), the decision was made to buy a second Cuisipro.  Although twice as expensive, the Cusipro has kept a nice tight wire, while the OXO wire cheese slicer is so loose (even after attempted tightening) that I just decided life is too short...', 'I bought OXO wires to replace the wire that will soon break.  This slicer is just another junk slicer.  When the wire breaks, you throw it away.  I think they make this junk on purpose.  I am so tired of being hosed by companies selling junk.I am a little angry at Amazon for suggesting that I buy replaceable wires with this.  Feels like a bait and switch deal.  I did order the other OXO that uses the replaceable wires that I initially ordered with this junk one.  You will be money ahead, buying the one that accepts replaceable wires.  AVOID this one!', 'Since getting my first item from OXO Good Grips (the potato masher), I have become obsessed with this brand.  I intend to replace some of my crappy utensils and end up with mostly items by this brand.  They are ergonomic and high quality items.  This cheese slicer is just perfect.', "We've never been anything but pleased with the OXO products we've purchased in the past. The garlic press, for example, is so sturdy it'll likely outlive us all. Unfortunately I bought this slicer in a store, not on Amazon where I'd have read the reviews and known better than to waste my money. It looks hearty enough to pound nails, but in our experience it was barely up to cutting cheese. We probably sliced three dozen pieces of Tillamook cheddar with this thing before that wire snapped like a cheap guitar string. The sad part of it is that you can replace a guitar string. You can't replace this wire. No screws. No way to adjust tension. Don't do what I did and assume it's worth the few extra bucks because it looks solid. Without the wire slicer it's just a cheese roller and I'm not sure what use anyone has for one of those.", "What's that you say?  You're hankerin' for a hunk of cheese?  Well you'll need something to cut it with...that's for sure.  This baby will take care of that for you.  Cut the cheese in style.  Use the slices to top your famous tuna noodle casserole.  Powdered donuts?  No way!  Burgers?  Now you're talking fun!  Good gracious those grips are good.", "Flimsier than most of their other items, and once the wire stretches, you're out of luck for fixing or modifying it. Basically it doesn't last long.", "This is nice looking and well made . . . with one exception.  The wires break after very little use.  I have two of these and have used them no more than half a dozen times (on medium to soft cheeses) each when the cutter wires broke.  The rip off is that the replacement wires by the manufaturer cost another $14.00 for just three wires.  Somebody's making some money here: but they won't get any more of mine.MOD", "I must say I was very dissapointed with this product.  I got to use it about 4 times when it broke during the cutting of a piece of cheese.I hope this is not representative of all of these cutters.  But I don't intend to try one again.To return it and look for a refund would cost more in time and postage than the item costsw", 'I have bought several OXO products in the past.  OXO makes the best products and this slicer is no exception. "UPDATE" This cheese cutter wire has pulled out of it\'s pinned hole in the handle.  I was using it on Mozzarella cheese for pizza. The roller fell out along with the pin that held the wire in place. The design stinks. Since I bought it  2012 I have used it approx. once a month in my home kitchen.', "While this unit is intact, it is a solid, hefty, easy to handle device for slicing cheese.  However, the slicing wire eventually pulls out at one end or the other.  When this happens, the wire becomes too slack to slice properly, and eventually the slicer fails altogether.When ours failed, we contacted Oxo, and the company sent a replacement.  However, the wire on the replacement has now failed.  We have not decided whether to continue getting replacements, although in theory we probably could.I notice that Oxo now has a model with replaceable wires:OXO Good Grips Wire Cheese Slicer with Replaceable Wires, with the replacement wires shown here:OXO Good Grips Wire Replacements for OXO Wire Cheese Slicer.  This unit costs about 25% more than the fixed-wire product, but it may be worth it to have the ability to replace the wires immediately rather than go through the exercise of making a claim under the guarantee.  Buying the replaceable unit plus a set of 3 replacement wires would cost more than 1-1/2 times what this fixed-wire unit costs, but for that price you would effectively have four rounds of slicer use (the original wire plus the three replacements).  Even then, it's not as though the cost would be prohibitive.In sum, this unit is fine while it lasts, but it seems destined to fail sooner or later.  I don't have personal experience with the replaceable-wire unit, but it would be worth a serious look by anyone shopping for a cheese slicer.", "I've had one of these for a while now that replaced a P-3, a cheap tin hand cranked one and an old electric countertop model.  This opener never loses its grip on the can rim: I can't count the number of cusses I've  saved since I quit using my old ones.  I have never had the wheel  &quot;skid&quot; off the rim yet.  I even take this one camping with me.  (Gotta open those beans; remember blazing saddles?)Oxo really has built  the better mouse trap.", "I have been searching for a good can opener for years now.  It's amazing how many subpar can openers there are out there.  Part of the problem is that I have arthritis.  While most everyday tasks don't give me trouble, using a can opener does.  I've looked and looked for both manual and electric can openers that are easy for me to operate and I'm happy with this locking can opener.It's really easy to use and the locking mechanism keeps the pressure on the handles and makes it easy for me to twist the crank around and open the can.  I see that others have had the locking mechanism break, I really hope I get lucky with mine.  This is a very well designed can opener that makes a big difference in the kitchen for me.", "This is probably the best can opener I've ever had - and I've tried many. (Ran a slide of a swabbed electric can opener through a microscope in nursing school, and have been grossed out by electric ones ever since!) I've had it for about a year, and it has held up to frequent use, dishwashing, and children. Very easy to use. I like the lock and the turn mechanism on the side. A good, solid product.", 'The oxo good grips locking can opener is just amazing.  It never walks off the can...has an easy grip, and the locking mechanism is easy to set and free.  I buy these by the dozen to give to friends.  Much better than any manual OR electric can opener!', 'I freaking love this can opener. It is perfect and if it every goes out on me I will purchase another one just like it. I hate using electric can openers, because I have limited counter space.', "I'm at a loss to understand the negative reviews of this product here on Amazon. I've had one for two or three years now, and I think it's one of the best kitchen tools I ever bought. It's lightweight, small enough to store easily, comfortable, easy to use, and I even like the sound it makes when it's slicing through a can top. And the locking mechanism means I don't have to keep squeezing while I turn the easily-grasped turning knob.This thing is well-designed and well-constructed. I'd recommend it to anyone.", 'It cuts smoothly and holds the can securely. Easy to grip. This is a well made and very useful tool!', "This can opener has been terrific!  It is easy to place on the can and turns very easily.  This is so much better than any electric can opener I have owned and I don't think it can be compared to other manual can openers I have used.  I was a bit skeptical about this can opener, but I am glad I made the investment.  It was time to get a new can opener and I bought the right one.This is the first manual can opener I have ever liked.  I can just put it on the can, squeeze, turn and unlock when the can is open.  Other manual can openers I have used seem to need precision when placing them on the can, but not this one.  It turns smoothly and without much effort.  I like the fact that it locks and I don't have to keep squeezing.  I would recommend this one especially for anyone who needs a can opener that is easy and simple to use.", 'We have an older model at home and use almost daily.  We went through several other brands at the cabin before finding this one.  We had already thrown several others in the trash.  Great can opener for easy handling and operation.', "My first Oxo can opener was great until, after about 3 years, part of the handle broke (the part that you turn to open the can).  I got more than my money's worth out of it, so I bought another one.  It is not as good as the older one was.  The newer model pops off as I am opening the can, and I have to constantly reset the blade.  It also does not open the can completely, leaving that tiny bit at the end that has to be twisted off -- not a big deal for some, but the original opener removed the entire lid, end to end.  On the upside, it is comfortable to use.It took me a while to realize this, but...If you raise the back of the handle up while opening a can (so the opener is almost at a 45 deg. angle), the opener works much, much better.  (The opener may already operate at that angle for most, but for those 5' and under, it was difficult to open a can unless you raise your arm higher.)I think I am going to lower my counters soon.", "This can opener doesn't work that well. It's difficult to get it to lock on properly and gets dislodged during cutting easily also. Buy something else.", "Last Xmas (1999) I bought my wife two of these.  The locking mechanism broke on the first one in January of 2000.  The locking mechanism on the second one broke in mid 2000.  From what I'm reading in the other reviews, this is a common happening.From that part of it, the thing probably deserves 1 star.  However, the thing still works as a can openener, even though the lock broke.  Taken strictly on the can opener part of it, it's got a nice grip - feels better than most can openers, but probably isn't worth the extra money.Overall, it's just &quot;OK&quot;.  If you like the rest of the Oxo line, you'll probably like this - although I bet your lock will break before too long, and it'll just be any other can opener then.", 'I love this can opener. I live in a rural area and use A LOT of canned goods. I had bought this same one about 12 years ago and the twisty handle finally broke off. I had to buy the same exact one becasue I love how easy it makes opening a can. I would recomend this can opener to all.', "I had purchased the same opener several years ago at a department store.  I loved the locking mechanism.  The opener was solid and held up great.  Unfortunately, the handle snapped off in the middle of a chili batch during the opening of many cans of beans and tomatoes.  I couldn't find one like it anywhere so I ordered it from Amazon since the shipping was free.  I am extremely unimpressed with the quality of the new one.  It is lighter in contruction and I can see why the chief complaint is the locking mechanism breaking.  It's going to occur sooner than later.  I wish I could remove the opener and put it on my old opener handle.  Two stars for this looser.Update 10/5/11: Been using this opener for nearly a year now.  Have to say, it's held up and I've gotten use to the ligher weight construction.  I would 3 star this item if I had it to do over.", "We have tried can openers from every manufacturer, this is the only one tht totally works with no hassel. Buy one now, you won't regret it.", 'Sometimes the stress of choosing the perfect gift is just too much. So whether Valentine\'s Day is looming /OR/ a  "significant"  birthday . . . perhaps you should go with Solomon and choose both?For under $25. you can leave the choice to your beloved: either a Black OXO, or a Black SWING-AWAY. In other words, one for the home kitchen & another for the summer place /OR/ one for the cats & one for the humanoids /OR/ one for everyday heavy duty /OR/ a second to distract you at stressful times like electric outages and terrorism by offspring? (name your own trauma-time).The OXO will definitely fill the latter slot; it is right upfront MACHO. If black is \'her\' color, remember that ergonomic handles speak kindly to anyone who has suffered through the aftermath (in the kitchen) of carpal tunnel surgery.Keep "Swing Away" on your list (*# B0000505J0*)  and go for the big investment, is the advice of Reviewer mcHAIKU. Yours will be a happier household and that counts for plenty on these special occasion days that pop up all too often. You can have both "the SWING AWAY name you can trust" (even though it no longer swings back against the wall) that has made its mark in outer space /AND/ you can also go with OXO, a name for the 21st Century if ever there was one,  not to mention the "good grips"!I\'m not sure I could describe a can opener as "EXCITING" but in this land of many electric outages I wouldn\'t want to exist without one, especially OXO / AND / SWING AWAY.', "Who'd think a cheap kitchen tool could excite such passion among its owners? I bought mine after using one at a friend's house, and have since thrown out all the other openers in the kitchen drawer.It's easy to use,  easy to clean (dishwasher safe!)  and more convenient than an electric.  Worth every penny.", "I bought this for my daughter's birthday, because she had been laughing about breaking so many dollar store can openers.  She likes it, and says it works about as well as my Pampered Chef clean edge can opener.  I prefer this design because you don't end up with sharp edges on your can lids, thus reducing the chances of cut fingers.", "I've had my Oxo Good Grips Locking Can Opener for years, and am just now looking at purchasing a second one.  I've read several reviews that complained about the locking mechanism breaking within the first year, but mine is several years old and is still going strong.My one mini-problem after all of these years is that there must have been some damage to the cutting mechanism because it catches every couple turns...a hiccup of sorts.  I still get a can opened eventually, but I've been spoiled with an opener that used to work flawlessly.  I hope the newer model doesn't disappoint me.The locking mechanism makes it easy to store...it's a bit bulkier than some other models, but the nice fat turning handle is easy on arthritic hands.  I love this opener!", "We used this can opener at my cousin's house, and ordered one as soon as we got home. My wife uses it, primarily, to open pet food cans for our dogs and cat. We have tried electric and mechanical can openers, none of which worked very well. This one is great. It opens any can we've tried it on without missing a beat.", 'Bought mine in 2006, after I got tired of can openers that did that twist thing where they dent and mangle but do not fully open the can. That was a great choice. This can opener is still going strong in 2011', 'I have gone through many can openers and this one seems to be holding up very well so far!  I like the locking mechanism, it makes can opening easier!', 'Very easy to use.  Very comfortable.  This product is definitely worth the purchase price.  Using it this week since i purchased it, I keep thinking that I should have bought this long ago.', 'I have had this can opener for at least a year now and my lock is still intact.  However after a year of frequent use I am now finding that the gears that actually latch onto the can are slipping off.  Problem because I have to reattach the opener but it still works!  I love the fact that it is ultra comfortable and much better than the one I had before.  All I can say about the loch is be gentle it is only plastic.', 'Works well and does not require the hand strength of a giant to get the job done--what more need be said?', "This opener is really easy to use and it works very well. I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 since I don't know how long it will last. (I've had really bad luck buying can openers lately--one refused to work when I brought it home from the store.)", 'Listen throw out all the others, this is your final purchase, I used it somewhere and actaully decided i was going to buy it for myself. For the persons who bought and reviewed this procudt badly 10 YEARS ago, would u like to buy and try again. Its still affordable and i really had no doubts buying it seeing that i used it already grips tightly and spins the can as u EASILY turn the knob with minimum effort. GREAT GREAT buy and worth my money', "I am a VERY amateur chef.  :c)  I have to use these every time I make something.  They are constantly being washed, either in the sink or dishwasher.  I have really abused these things at times.  They still work, and I don't think I'll have to replace them soon, unless they get stuck in the garbage disposal (it wouldn't be the first time that's happened).  :c)", 'The OXO measuring cups impressed me at first sight as they include a 1/3 cup measure which is so often neglected in sets that focus on 1/4, 1/2, 3/4, and the full measure always leaving you to guess at how much you need  to put in. I like the plastic construction which does not give my  ingredients a metallic taste like conventional aluminum cups can. These  clean up easy and the handles are coated allowing for an easy and secure  grip even when your hands are wet. XOX makes a quality line of gadgets and  if you are arthritic in any manner they are an excellent choice as they are  engineered to fit the human hand comfortably and securely.', 'These tools are either a baker or a person who cannot bake...very easy to be used....', "I bought these a year ago.  They are already broken and the ones I have left are yellowed.  The one cup measure did not hold up to scooping flour and the handle just snapped right off.  I won't buy plastic again, they all seem to break.  I will be buying stainless from now on.", 'These measuring cups were perfect until the measurements washed off. Our family only uses environmentally friendly soaps, so we\'re not sure why the "paints" wore off, but we were extra careful to only put them on the top rack of our dishwasher. We do really like the ring around the middle that makes measuring easier with liquids. We have not had any problems with staining, but our soap (Bio-Kleen) is pretty amazing :) We did remove the ring approximately five minutes after we purchased them because it was simply too awkward to use. Our next set of cups will be metal, but for now, this set and our scale does a good job.', "I have to admit that I purchased these cups to bump up an order ...so I could receive free shipping. I was looking for something cheap to fill the order.  I hadn't thought about replacing my old cups before.  However, I'm glad to have these measuring cups, as they are very durable and well made.  I like the color coded measurements on the handle. There have been a few times that I've inadvertently grabbed the 1/2 cup instead of the 1/3 cup measure in my old set, but I won't make that mistake again with these.", "Over the last few years we have taken to drinking a bottle of wine with dinner nearly every day. Does that make us lushes? Perhaps. Does it make us corkscrew experts? Definitely. We have almost every type of corkscrew made, from the big, bulky Houdini to the super simple waiters' model. We even got an electric one as a gift. The Oxo one is a butterfly model, designed to make opening wine bottles idiot-proof. It's almost there - we found it easy to use. And if your hands are wet a lot, or slightly arthritic, I can see how this may be a great choice. That said, it isn;t very quick. Once you cut the foil (you're on your own for that, no foil cutter is included) and position the Oxo above the cork, you'll be doing lots of cranking. Nothing terrible, but definitely one of the slower ways to open a bottle. If you're a lush like us, your best bet is on of the articulated waiter's models. Once mastered, those will open a bottle as fast as a houdini, without all the bulk. However, if you're an occasional drinker, or want to get something for an older person, the Oxo is an excellent choice.", 'It works ok and operates pretty much like any other corkscrew.  Insert the screw into the cork, twist the top knob, the "wings" rise up, you press \'em down...wine is open.  We own several corkscrews and this one is OK for the money...feels a little flimsy but gets the job done.  If you\'re looking for a quality corkscrew that you will own for decades, this isn\'t it.', "Knowing that you could spend hundreds of dollars on a corkscrew, you shouldn't expect any miracles from this gadget on the low end of the price scale.  What you can expect, though, is a piece of hardware that does the job nicely.This little kitchen toy probably won't wow any of your more aesthetically-conscious friends, but it isn't an eyesore either.  The unassuming all matte black design is more function than flash, with very subtly-textured wings and a soft-touch rubber handle common to most Oxo products.The base fits stably around the bottle's mouth and the black screw, with its Teflon-coating, slides into the cork with ease.  The handle turns smoothly and the wings effortlessly extract the entire cork in one sweep, requiring no tugging or twisting.If I were looking to improve the device, I would suggest the addition of a foil cutter- but at this price I'm not complaining.  My only real concern was that the handle's shaft seems to be all plastic and bends just a little, which leaves a little doubt about durability.Overall this corkscrew is cheap, lightweight, and functions flawlessly.  It's ideal for anyone seeking their first corkscrew or a spare, say, for the picnic kit.  At roughly $9 as of this writing, it will provide all the function you need and perhaps just a little more style and comfort than theubiquitous generic modelat the same price point.***Note about the product picture: The product I received looks a little different than the picture Amazon provides.  The product I received has a cut-out window so you can see the cork coming out.  The wings are also slightly smaller and do not wrap all the way around as pictured.  I have uploaded an alternate picture for reference.", 'Its ok. Usually I rave about OXO products but this one was just..well... "ok"  to me. Will I use it? Yes. Would I buy it again? Not sure.', 'My lady friend got me a couple of these recently as summertime presents  because I am such a klutz with corks, and now I am becoming quite a bon  vivant. Credit due, as one of John LeCarre\'s characters quips in "The  Russia House", to the winged corkscrew.  Even with friends over, I now  actually look like I know what I am doing regardless of the fact that I am  not much of a wine drinker or one to stand on ceremony or table manners.  Give me some corn on the cob and a steak and I am as likely to rip into  them with both hands than to use proper utensils and observe standard table  manners.But even I must now admit I am being slowly and surely  civilized, at least within tolerable operating limits. And chief among the  convenient and effortless gadgets I have been given to speed me on my way  is this terrific little winged corkscrew. Buy yourself a couple, though.  When your friends\' wives see how well they transform even the most hopeless  of confirmed mountain men into well behaved and handy hosts, they may not  be able to resist swiping one.  Enjoy!', "This wine bottle cork extractor works perfectly.  The metal screw has a slick coating of something like Teflon that reduces friction as it goes in and is  removed from the cork.  I don't have arthritis in my hands (yet) but my left hand is still very tender from a bad sprain so I can assure anyone who has hand pain that the molded plastic wing covers and the fat rubberized turning knob make it WAY more comfortable and easy to use than the standard version of this type of device.", 'What else can I say, this opens a bottle of wine with ease, and seems well made.  I would reccomened.', "This is truly like cutting thru hot butter. I have a million corkscrews. This one tops them all. Even if you haven't cut off the foil top, this one pulls the cork out easily, releases easy, and is THE BEST. Promise.", "If you are like me and rarely drink wine this should last a long time and I would recommend this. It seems sturdy enough for a plastic opener. If I went through a lot of wine I would buy one that wasn't plastic.", "i had this for 2 years and used it about once a month. i was very happy with it at first, since it was very easy to use. however i found that it had no way of stopping when the cork had been screwed up high enough, and it just kept going, so that the cork would become wedged in the opener, then it would break off and i would have to use a knife to try and prise the cork out of the device. this happened a few times, and the last time i just couldn't get the cork out, which meant i couldn't use the corkscrew, because it already had a cork around the top part of it. after a while i had to throw it out.", 'This is your basic winged corkscrew.  Expected OXO improvements are the over-sized and rubberized head for better grip when twisting the top. The wings are a smooth matte hard plastic that the body is also made of.Pros:*The worm is Teflon coated and slides in and out of the cork easily. This is usually a feature reserved for high-priced, high-end corkscrews.*Top has the signature OXO over-sized & rubberized grip.*Lightweight and comfortable to use.Cons:* Over-sized head does not have the bottle opener feature that many winged corkscrews have* Only the head is rubberized and not the wings* Body and wings are made of a smooth matte plastic that seems likely to crack, shatter & break if accidentally dropped.Overall a decent winged corkscrew designed for hand comfort but with reduced features.  So far, at 3 winery events, this corkscrew has easily and comfortably opened 15+ bottles of wine.  Recommended.', 'This OXO "Winged Corkscrew" is mechanically well designed but the mostly plastic construction gives this a very flimsy feel that makes me question it\'s longevity. The corkscrew does work well and allowed for very easy removal of the four bottles I tested it on, but I could feel the "wings" flex with the effort.As another reviewer noted, I would not have likely bought this from a store after feeling it in my hands. This is going into my camper and will only see light usage.CFH', "While I have concerns regarding how long this OXO product will last, it's easier to learn to use.  The spiral is sharp and sinks into the cork more easily than a lot of the elaborate corkscrews.  But the levers (wings) don't allow much leverage and thus more force must be applied.Downside: the levers are all plastic and so is the fulcrum.  This is where I expect the device to one day break down since these are moving parts against each other along ridges.", "The first time that I used this corkscrew I thought it was going to break but so far it has held up well. Since it is made of plastic I was hesitant to apply too much pressure but it is tougher than it looks. I like the Teflon coating on the screw and the fact that it's dishwasher safe. There doesn't seem to be anything that can rush on this corkscrew.Simply turn the knob and the screw will drive into the cork and the wings will rise, and then apply pressure to the wings and it will remove the cork fairly easily.Sure there are many corkscrews that are fancier but they will come with a much greater price tag. This corkscrew gets the job done and is priced very well. So far I have no complaints.", "You push the screw through the cork exactly /once/ and the whole entire thing pops out in one feel swoop. Freaking awesome. I still prefer my bartender's wine key, because it has a foil cutter, and makes it easier for me to present a clean looking bottle, but a friend of mine who has a hard time with my wine key loves this device. I keep it there for her. Unlike other corkscrews, you don't need to repeatedly screw the thing into the cork to pull out the cork. It comes out quickly and easily. If you have trouble with corks, this is your new BFF.", "Like others, I usually love OXO products.  But this is mostly plastic, feels flimsy, and does just an okay job of removing the cork from the bottle.  However, if you're not careful you might have a difficult time removing the cork from the corkscrew.  :(  Also, it is easy to get the screw in crooked which makes removing it even more of a pain.It works in a pinch,  but I would not recommend this product.", "The OXO corkscrew consists of a black plastic corkscrew that screws down into the cork, surrounded by a black plastic skirt-like surround with wing-like handles and a wide twist-top. But maybe this will make more sense if I try to explain how you use it.You raise the handles, which lifts up the surround, exposing the corkscrew. You grasp the handle at the top, press the tip of the corkscrew against the cork, and twist, pushing, so that the corkscrew enters into the cork and spirals down through it. Once it's firmly embedded you grasp the wing-like handles and push them down. This lowers the surround and raises the corkscrew, pulling the cork free of the bottle.Disadvantages: It's easy to get the corkscrew off-center and end up having to start over.Advantages: The wing-handles give you so much leverage that it's child's play to get most corks out of their bottles. This is absolutely fantastic for those of us with hand-problems.This is one of the few OXO items we have that hasn't in some way broken down; admittedly we don't use it as often as some items, but it has certainly withstood what use we have put it through. It's a nifty-looking design that makes opening bottles very easy on my hands despite my tendonitis. I only occasionally have troubles with the corkscrew going in off-center (I think because the surround can partially block your view of the corkscrew as you put it in, and the distance between handle and corkscrew tip decreases accuracy), and it isn't that large of a problem.", "I was a little disapointed when I received this item to find out it's all plastic except the corkscrew part. I've used it a few times and so far it's holding up, but I'm leary of how long it will hold up due to the materials. I'm afraid over time the handles will break off if there is too much pressure exerted. I've purchsed OXO products in the past and have always been pleased with the quality, just not this one. It has a 100% replacement guarantee but I'm sure the buyer would have to pay for shipping so I'm not sure it would even be worth the hassle-just buy a sturdier one. As I said I've just used this a few times and gave it 3 stars due to material construction. Only time will tell how long it really lasts.......", "I owned one of those fancy rabbit style corkscrews for the past few years and each time I've had to re-teach myself how to use it.  The last few times I've retaught myself I've ended up shredding the cork, pushing it inside the bottle of wine, and removing half of the corkscrew.  After the third time the corkscrew ended up in the trash (after further examination determining that it was in fact broken) I decided I needed something a little more user friendly.  Trusting the OXO brand for all of my kitchen desires this corkscrew seemed easy to use and not bulky like the one I had thrown away.  Thus far this corkscrew has been one of my better acquisitions, no more corks shredding or ending up floating in my bottle of wine.  It's so easy to use even I can do it and it has made all of my favorite bottles of wine much easier to access (which might be a bit dangerous to someone who loves wine!)", "Bought this to replace my all metal winged corcksrew, which lasted more than 25 years (I've lost track) and it doesn't have the same solid feel. It does work, though, and because of the long tunnel that houses the screw itself, does draw out the cork in a more constant and predictable angle.  I like that, but the jury is out as of yet to see how long the plastic parts hold up.", "I'm a big fan of most OXO products.  This wine opener is not as slick as most OXO products I have.  Mainly due to fact it is somewhat bulky and all the bulk is plastic - not sure how long this will survive banging around in my utensils drawer before plastic cracks.  My other wine opener has much less plastic and has been very durable (had for several years).  In terms of actually opening wine, the OXO works pretty well - fairly easy and straightforward to get cork out of wine bottle though sometimes OXO can guide down slightly crooked with occasional cork breaking off.Overall 3.5 stars for price / value, lower than my usual OXO rating.  I prefer my other corkscrew I bought on Amazon for around same price.h", "If you think I'm going to gush over a corkscrew, it's really not my style.  Let me say that I am a HUGE fan of OXO products--I fell in love with them years ago and have never wavered.  I am rarely disappointed (though it has happened), so I jumped at the chance to add this to my OXO inventory.  I'm currently using a ratty old metal corkscrew that I've had for years and thought this would be an upgrade.I must admit--I'm a little concerned.  The OXO handle really doesn't add much (perhaps it's slightly easier on the hand).  I have opened a few bottles and it works fine.  However, the unit just doesn't seem sturdy.  Maybe that is only my perception and maybe it will last for years, but the plastic components just don't fill me with confidence.  Had I looked at this in a store, felt it and handled it--I probably would not have purchased it.  Seriously.  My suggestion, try to look at this one first hand before ordering it.", 'this corkscrew is flawed in several ways: in spite of its "ergonomic" design, it is awkward to use.  the screw is too short and often mauls the cork beyond recognition and reuse.  simply screwing it into the cork and pulling the wings down does not pull the cork far enough out of the bottle--you have to wiggle, wiggle, wiggle it.  save your money.', 'Because this is my first cork screw that I have owned that hasn\'t been part of a swiss army knife, I wasn\'t prepared for this little wonder. The OXO makes opening a bottle of wine or oil effortless. The plastic handle feels good in my hand and a few twists the cork easily slides out of the bottle.Just as an additional praise for this corkscrew, I bring this with me when I go over to people\'s houses just in case a need might be found. I try not to be "that guy" but when your corkscrew looks this good it is hard not to demonstrate.', 'I read a few negative reviews about this corkscrew that are critical of the build quality.  I have to respectfully disagree.  I\'m not sure exactly what type of polymer it\'s made of, but it\'s not "cheap plastic".  Yes, it\'s very lightweight and made of something not metal, but whatever it\'s made of is very strong and durable.  The screw literally glides into the cork like a hot knife through butter and because the corkscrew is so lightweight all of your energy goes into removed the cork instead of balancing a heavy corkscrew.  I love it.', 'I like OXO products, and this easy-to-use corkscrew is no exception to that rule.  It has clean lines, a simple to use design, and pulls out corks with very little skill or effort needed.But I did find removed rubber corks got stuck in the corkscrew if the worm was screwed all the way down as one would normally remove a natural cork; there wasn\'t enough cork sticking out of the mechanism to get a decent grip, combined with the rubber\'s natural stickiness, this required a pair of pliers to extract the removed cork.  So this corkscrew seems best for natural corks, though this rubber cork may have been just an aberration.The corkscrew does fall a bit short in the materials department.  The matte-black plastic is on the plain side, and could use the aesthetics of the OXO Steel lineup.  Time will tell if the plastic body holds up to regular use, I\'ll update if the corkscrew breaks.  Despite the relatively low consumption rate of my household, I\'ve had several fancy corkscrews fall apart under normal usage, part of why I\'ve preferred simple (but harder to use) corkscrews.While I\'m still a fan of the old-fashioned "waiter\'s corkscrew" (a very small, simple device that depends on bracing on the edge of the bottle, the integrity of the cork, and a dash of manual dexterity), this one is much easier to use, and the girlfriend prefers it.  So while it won\'t fit in my pocket, it is Recommended.', 'This is a very good winged corkscrew  quite easy to use. This is probably just as sturdy as anything else that is out there these days.  The plastic does seem a bit flimsy to an old person like me because I remember when all plastics were  flimsy. I am Arthritic but had  no trouble a tall using it.', 'I had to return this item because after I removed the cork from the wine bottle I couldnt get the cork out of the corkscrew. The company sent me a replacement with an opening which makes it easier to remove the cork from the corkscrew. But my old-fashioned corkscrew still works the best.', "I've been really happy with this corkscrew. It's affordably priced, is very effective at removing corks, and...dare I say...even a little bit fun to use. The grip at the top doesn't feel quite as soft and 'grippy' as other OXO products that I have used, but it still works great.Also,here's another OXO corkscrewthat you might want to check out. I haven't used this one, but it seems to have pretty good reviews.", "The Oxo Good Grips Winged Corkscrew is, indeed, easy to use.  The nonstick coating on the screw makes it easy to slide into the cork and the knob is wide and easy to grasp.  The levers on the side make for easy cork removal.We own several corkscrews and exercise them regularly, but the Oxo is easier to use than its more expensive counterparts, so at the moment it's our choice.I have read the more critical reviews here that say that this particular product breaks easily.  I can only suggest that buyers retain their sales receipt in case of breakage, since Oxo does offer replacement or refund.  So far we've had no need of that.", "I'll admit it - I own the $200 Leverpull because it's prettydoggone cool.  But this opener, for a [lot less], has the exact samepart that makes the whole Screwpull line of corkscrews so easy to use; the teflon-coated &quot;worm&quot; screw.I've used five different models that feature this very thin, slippery screw and it's definitely the way to go regardless of the mechanism for driving it into the cork.  It slides in like a surgical instrument, with minimal effort and maximum effect.One warning: These corkscrews make the job so effortless that you can't wait to open another bottle.  Some self-retraint will be required...", "I don't know why or what I may be doing wrong, but this seems to split the cork when I use it.  It doesn't always, but I'd say half the time I use it the screw goes in straight but goes sideways and breaks the cork when it brings it up.  Then I have to use it again to get the rest of the cork.However it does take the cork out without having to muscle it out.  The cork is not always in one piece, but it's out.", 'I love salads and this salad spinner allows me to dry my greens after a good wash.Its easy push button top allows you yo hug your spinner then jam on the breaks.It is fast becoming my favorite kitchen tool.', "Very, very pleased with the ease at how this works.  The results are better than I initially imagined.  Easy to clean.  Most of the time my wife and I use the bowl as our server, just add some dressing and we're ready to go.", 'wow this is a truly amazing salad spinner.  it keeps washed leaves fresh & crisp for a long time (5 days is the longest ive tried before eating them).  usually, we would try different ways of washing & storing lettuce but even after 2 days it would get soggy & brownish.  this makes eating salad into an easy meal.  no more washing and towel-drying the salad.  this gets it pretty dry after like 3 cycle-brake sets.my mom has even started using it to store cilantro (which she always complained about it going bad too fast previously).  so this has totally increased the salad consumption in our household (& we are mostly vegetarian!).  now its fun to try making new dressings each time.oh yeah, before i forget, slice avocado in your salad!', 'this works so well i have no complaints at all  i hope it lasts as i have gone through too many spinners, others that werent made as well and i love that it comes with a cover so i can spin the greens then remove the basket and spinner top and store the bowl with cover in the fridge till i need to dress the salad in my salad bowl,i have also put potato salad in the bowl with the cover its really quite nice to have more uses than just as a spinner but if it had only one use id still like it the whole thing is stable and one touch of the button will stop the spinning and you can lock the spinnertop on so no wild lettuce flying around the room as with the string spinners. i recommend this', "Years, and years ago my Daddy who was a fantastic gardener gave me a fantastic salad spinner, but after many, many spins it gave out.  I bought at least three spinners after that--all went to the dump.  Cook's Ilustrated Test Kitchen recommended the Oxo Salad Spinner and I love Cook's for their testing--they really are the Consumer Reports of the cooking world--and it lived up to their ratings.  I expect to have this spinner working for me the rest of my life.", "I bought this spinner to replace an older model that was years old because the plastic spinner basket had gotten brittle and was starting to break apart when I washed it.  Salad spinners are great at getting most of the moisture off freshly washed greens.  I kept the outside plastic bowl from my older spinner because it's still in very good shape and is useful as a salad bowl.  This is a very useful kitchen tool.", "I had a pull cord salad spinner for about 16 years and loved it!  It was great at removing water from salad greens. I used to get my greens really dry, with just a couple of pulls of the cord I'd find lots of water at the bottom of the bowl and lettuce leaves nice and dry.  After 16 years my old one was a bit warped from years of use so I decided to get a new spinner and decided to try this pump style.I was thrilled to get a new unit but soon discovered that it didn't dry the greens as efficiently as the pull cord one did.  I have to press the pump a couple times, stop the spinning, lift the inner basket and shake the greens around, then spin again.  I do this three times every time I use the unit in order to get my greens as dry as my old spinner did.  Good grief it takes three times whereas my old pull cord spinner removed the same amount of liquid without me having to remove the inner basket and shake the greens around three times.  I can see the difference with the amount of water left inside the base unit comparing it to the pull cord spinner.  Another thing is that I used to keep my greens inside my old spinner (inner basket removed) and store it in the fridge that way.  This spinner is too big (high)to keep in the fridge AND the inner basket must be kept inside the unit in order for the cover to be used, if you remove the inner basket the cover will fall inside the clear container.  Another thing is you have to hold onto the unit while the basket is spinning because otherwise it wobbles like a top since the unit is top heavy and the bottom of the bowl is fairly small.  The corded spinner that I previously used did not do that because the bottom of the bowl was wide and flat and the cover is fairly light to the unit is more balanced.I'm really disappointed with this unit and will be going back to the pull cord spinner.", 'If you are a Salad Lover, this device saves you A HEAP OF TIME washing and wicking away remaining moisture in seconds, so that your salad is readied for serving, crisp & dry.  There is nothing worse than the drip drip of wet salad, with the run-off diluting the dressing (and runny dressing running down your chin).The inner bowl doubles as a strainer and the outer bowl is useful for soaking/ washing fruits & vegetables.  The rubberised palm operated (press down) spinner button, is effortlessly activated with a gentle "palm-down press" and locks into the bowl with the flick of a switch for easy storage.  If desired this can be brought to a picnic and the salad can be served there in as well.A little expensive when I bought it even on special BUT Very Recommended. Will last for years.', 'I got tired of purchasing the already shredded/cut romaine for salads. Not to mention many of these precut salad greens get recalled from time to time due to problems.The pre cuts get recalled  more than the whole heads of lettuce.  So decided to go the way of getting the better priced lettuce and do it myself.  Well, I am not a real kitchen person so whatever I purchased was going to have to be easy and simple.  Well, this is.  I love it.  Easy to work and boy does it work.  Even after rinsing heads of romaine lettuce as I broke the heads up, and then spinning, there was still "stuff" and a discolored liquid in the bottom.  So I can now keep rinsing and spinning until the lettuce rinses clean and clear.  Very impressive.  My only problem is the difficulty I have in cleaning the insert of lettuce "bits"of lettuce.  Holding them under the faucet doesn\'t remove all of them as they get caught in between the lattice work of the spin bowl.  But that being said, it should not really affect your decision.  So much better to work a little getting bits out now and then, then to get e. coli, etc.  Perhaps even putting the pre cut lettuce into this thing, wash and spin is a great idea to. We like this so much in fact, my husband and I camp and go RV\'ing, so  I have now ordered the smaller one so that we can take it with us.  Usually when traveling It is a pain to deal with  lettuce and salads, so we purchased ready made salads or went out to eat. Getting a head of lettuce on the road and using this smaller version of this should do the trick!', 'This is a GREAT salad spinner that does all the work for you - I would highly recommend it! Not only is it a spinner, but it is a serving bowl as well.', "Had a cheap salad dryer for years, but was always bothered by the chemicals in the plastic. This brand makes their products safely, so I decided to switch. It does the job but it doesn't get the lettuce as dry as my old one, but I won't return it because I believe there's real value in the chemical-free aspect of this product (and a little water on the leaves never hurt anyone). Also, the big bowl in my old one had holes so the water dripped down into the sink when I spun it; whereas this one (and most newer ones) have no holes in the big plastic bowl so you can spin on the countertop (though it means that if you flush water over the lettuce in the green basket, and it's inside the big bowl, the big bowl will fill up w/ water and you have to dump it before you spin (otherwise the lettuce is spinning in the pool of water).", 'The spinner works exactly as advertised. Be sure not to overload it, though. It is an excellent design and does the job!', 'This salad spinner is durable and easy to use.  It has a lock so you can keep the pump portion down for storing, which is a nice feature. The cleaning of it is simple and it works really well for my salad drying needs.', "Pros: Dries my salad greens and vegetables through the magic of centrifugal force.Cons: Doesn't spin fast enough for uranium enrichment.", "I am the author of a series of cookbooks and have used this OXO spinner -- after using many others -- for about three years.  It gets daily use and has never failed us.  It's easy to clean and store and it really gets the moisture off the lettuce and other vegetables like beans, carrots and so on.  I highly recommend this product for anyone who's serious about making great salads.", "I love this salad spinner.  It is much sturdier than the ones I've used in the past.  It spins well and really gets the water off.  I like that the handle collapses so I can use this as the lid in the refrigerator.  I was concerned about the extra cost (compared to ones I've purchased in the past), but the quality is well worth the price, and I expect this one will last much longer.  It definitely does a better job!", 'The OXO Good Grips does a really good job at drying my fruits and vegetables.  The only complaint I have is that I would like to get it started and let it spin while I do something else.  It isn\'t a delicately balanced "machine;" it will rock and walk if left alone.  For the price, I\'m not complaining - it is a great spinner.', 'This is the third salad spinner my wife and I have purchased. The other 2 worked great out of the box, but soon they both stopped working. This OXO spinner was noticably different the first time we used it. It seemed to have a better center of gravity and the inner bowl with the salad kept spinning to point where we had to use the brakes (the little black button on top) to stop it. Inner bowl lifted out easily and we drained the water. Spun again to try to get it as dry as possible and it got a little more, but not too much was left. We drained the bowl of water, then tossed the salad into the main bowl to use as out serving bowl. We like to make a lot of salad so we had leftovers. Just to test it, we left the salad (romaine and radicchio)in the bowl with the lid on and put it in the fridge. I was still nice and crisp 4 days later when we decided to just eat it. So far so good with this spinner, but if any problems come up I will update.', "One of the best things I have noticed about this salad spinner is the way the base clings to the work surface when you spin the basket. The color brightens up our kitchen, and it's fun to use.", 'Very easy to use with the push vs cranking spinner.  I also like that it has a &#34;brake&#34;.  Easy to clean.', 'I was a bit afraid to buy this product, based on the many negative reviews, but I decided to go for it anyway since it was such a great price. I could not be happier with this product!! I use it daily for all sorts of greens, cut up veggies and herbs. It works like a charm! Its smooth and really gets most of the water off the produce! I highly recommend this product!', 'I read several reviews on which one to go with and decided to give this one a try. Buy this one it is excellent and I love it.', "I bought this as a gift for someone - and I'm a bit envious as I have the original white one.  This one is gorgeous!  I love this salad spinner because it works.  The pull-string type reverse direction with each pull of the cord and you can never get up to a sufficient speed. This newer model also has a snap out lid liner for easy rinsing.  There's a brake on the lid which even Jacques Pepin didn't seem to know about on one of his cooking shows!  If you love salads, how can you live without one of these?", 'My ancient salad spinner finally gave out, so I decided it was time to upgrade. So glad I did, the push button is way easier than the crank handle thing I use to have. No complaints.', "I truly love the functionality of this!  It has worked great for the last few years, though mine has changed from the pretty white to a dingy beige yellow on the top, like so many plastics.  So, I'll try the green and hope the color doesn't change noticeably!", "We had the previous incarnation of this salad spinner with the more rounded bowl, and it finally gave out after years of faithful service.  I had a hard time finding its exact replacement on Amazon, so I decided to try this one but was a little concerned considering some people were having problems with the mechanism breaking and in a couple of the photos, the basket looked flimsy.  Well, it's not flimsy at all, in fact it's sturdier than the old basket, just has a transparent quality.  The bowl is actually plenty large enough compared to our old one, it seemed a little smaller, but the plunger portion might be a little smaller than before, so takes up less space.  So far it's working fine, but given the warnings about the mechanism, I'm just being careful not to really pound on it.  The plastic bowl is an attractive shape, and until it gets beat up, would actually be a really serving bowl for a salad.", 'Easy to take apart for cleaning. I like the pump instead of a crank handle which can be awkward. Works great. Glad I ordered it.', 'This item really does the job it dries the salad items so that the dressing sticks and does not become watery. Great price and fast service.', "Oxo makes the best salad spinner. Its mechanism is simple, and holds up well. And now with this green color, all the people with boring white will be jealous. GET THIS ONE. (These devices are to dry freshly washed lettuce in case you've always wondered about there purpose...)", "doesn't get up to super speed, but does the job and has alot of capacity.", 'I use it on store bought pre-made salads.  It does a good job drying greens!', "Great size for a whole lettuce. Easy to clean. Very stable  - this is the key selling point of this over other designs with smaller bases which wobble when spun. Like the lock down top which saves valuable storage space. Bought it as it was recommended by America's test kitchen as the best one on the market.", "Easy to use and clean. The clear bowl's design is presentable enough you can throw your salad back in after you take the basket out and serve it in that bowl.", 'Cool gadget, but kind of a luxury item for a cook who already has it all.  It takes up lots of cabinet space, but you could use the bowl as a mixing bowl too.', "Wonderful salad spinner.  Very easy to use, gets the job done quickly.  Does take up a little room to store (I'm always short on cabinet space) but at least it looks great sittin' on the counter!", 'I have always liked salads but never liked preparing them. No matter how much I dried the greens and veggies it always seemed like I ended up with a soggy salad and water downed dressing. This is not the case any longer!This salad spinner works wonders. I place the lettuce and chopped veggies right into the removable strainer section of the spinner and rinse under cold water. I then place the strainer back into the spinner, place the top on and give it a couple of spins. A few minutes later I have a perfectly dry salad ready to eat!The spinner is well constructed and feels solid. It takes very little effort to press the button down to get the device spinning and there is a button to apply the "brake" when you want to slow it down. The bowl doesn\'t move around the counter at all while it is spinning so you do not need to sit there and hold it still. You can also store the left over salad right in the spinner by placing the top back on and engaging the locking mechanism and then placing the entire device right into your refrigerator.If you are in the market for a salad spinner I really do not think you will do better than this one. I highly recommend it!', "I expected nothing but the best performance from an OXO product.  But this spinner is awful.  After many, many spins, there is still a lot of water left on washed lettuce leaves.  Doesn't even come close to my older and less expensive spinner.  A big disappointment.", 'It is a wonderful salad spinner.  I like the large size.  I also like the bowl under it, I rinse the veggies in the bowl and then dump them in the basket to spin.', "The description doesn't say the capacity of this thing and I couldn't believe how big it was when I received it. I didn't even try it out..returned it and am waiting for the mini version. Unless you need a huge amount of lettuce or anything else..beware of how large it is. It is hard to store, the storage lid that you use instead of the spinning one to store veggies in the refridgerator is NO LONGER SOLD ON eBAY. That was disappointing as well. Seems like a good product otherwise...", 'I love this salad spinner.  All you have to do is pump the black knob and it spins all the water out.  I love that it is so easy to use!', 'Bought this as a birthday present and the recipient said she loves it.  Gave it 5 stars because I have not heard anything bad about it from her.', "At this time, I have not used my new &#34;OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner&#34;.  I'm sure it will be great.", 'This is a perfect size for a few salads.  It holds more than I thought it would.  It is very efficient at getting the water out of the greens.  It is also nice and small to store.', "I bought this while on a health kick, thinking it would make me eat more salad, and because I needed a crisper. I use it occasionally, but I found cleaning it to be difficult. It fits awkwardly in the dishwasher, and I find the spinner top very difficult to wash by hand (since I've moved to an apartment that no longer has a dishwasher). I would recommend the smaller version, unless you have an extra large family. I also don't find it to be a very good crisper--my lettuce lasts two days... at most! Maybe I'm not locking the top, I don't know.I do have to say it has pros, it does an amazing job of spinning greens, and the ability to use the clear bowl for service is nice.", "Why did I wait so long to get one of these?  It's one of my favorite pieces of equipment and I use it a lot.  Well-designed and easy to use and clean.", "Yes, this product does it's jb very well. This is the first one I ever used, and really like it.", 'Great salad spinner. Very easy to use. Although it is plastic, it seems very durable. A big fan of OXO products.', "This salad spinner is the perfect size for 2 people. It's easy to use, and the button can stay down to store it in tighter spaces. All the pieces are lightweight and easy to clean.", 'I have been using this spinner for about 6 mos at least once a week. I had a smaller spinner that would not hold a head of romaine lettuce. A spinner any smaller than the OXO would not hold a head of romaine or green leaf lettuce. It does an excellent job of spinning the water out, much better than my old crank style one.As far as peoples reports about the pointy thing on the bottom breaking off...I am to this day still trying to understand how they could break it off, unless they are stacking glass bowls or something inside it. My son the resident dishwasher that has broken lots of stuff has not broken this yet so I would have to say its pretty durable. I dont stack anything inside it.', 'Great salad spinner. The 4-year old can operate it without it spinning off the counter. It can process a lot of greens at one time.', 'This is a super product. I found if I push once and then it complete the spin, open it up and redistribute the contents, and then spin it again, it works super. Thanks.', "Not all salad spinners are created alike, but this is up there with the best.  I love it!  Going to be buying several more for gifts.I've had this for about 6 months now.  Its sturdy, well constructed,  spins easily, spinner handle contracts nicely into spinner bowl for storage, spinns water off letuce and greens nicely and has a small rubber banded area on botton to keep in place on counter while spinning.  Well thought out design.", "This is a fairly sturdy, seemingly well-designed piece of kitchen equipment that is supposed to dry your salad greens by spinning them in a colander. You press down on a pump at the top of the lid to get the colander spinning, then you can either wait for the colander to stop, or you can use a brake button to halt the action. I will break this down into the pros and cons that I have found:Pros:It is sturdy. It has grips on the bottom and pretty much stays in place even if you let go of it.The lettuce can be put in the colander, then water poured into the bowl to wash it, then the colander can be removed to drain it, saving the need for an extra washing bowl.It is fairly easy to get a good, fast(ish) spin going. Tip: make short, fast pumping motions.Cons:In order to get the fast spin, you must pump for at least a minute, maybe more. My arms got very tired after cleaning two heads of romaine lettuce.There doesn't seem to be a need for the brake. I just lifted the lid off when I wanted to stop it. Why add unnecessary functions?The lid comes apart for cleaning, but I found it extremely hard to get it apart. It's definitely made for someone with huge, strong hands.And the big topper of them all: it doesn't dry the lettuce. I thought that's what a salad spinner was supposed to do. At first I thought I was doing something wrong, so I tried different things. I put less lettuce in the colander. I broke the lettuce in half to make smaller pieces. I lightly wrung out the lettuce before putting it in the colander. I pumped, let it stop, pumped again, let it stop, pumped again. No matter what, I still ended up with damp lettuce that I needed to pat dry with paper towels. So what is the point of this contraption? If I just wanted to wash the lettuce I could have used a bowl that I already have instead of paying a lot for this thing. I wanted to give it one star, but because it is fairly sturdy and I can at least use the bowl and colander again, I'm giving it two. Can't anybody make a decent salad drier?", 'We love salad and have been using our OXO salad spinner for over 4 years.  In that time it has stood up to the abuse of having the plunger pushed as fast as humanly possible by both the kids and Dad. We have dropped the bowl several times and the various nicks and scratches have not been fatal to overall performance.It does its job well.  We love buying a fresh head of romaine to cut up and spin for our salad.  It seems so much more economical and tasty than the pre-packaged lettuce.We also find that the strainer acts as a handy colander in a pinch.', 'I used to wash by hand then swing the greens in a towel to dry them.This is nice to be able to remove the liner, wash the greens in the liner, then place it in the spinner to spin them dry.', "Does exactly what it is made to do and does it well, spins enough salad for 4 people at a time. Easy to clean and efficient. If you are wondering if this is something you would use; if you eat salad greens or want fruit dried quickly you will use it often. I didn't buy one for 2 years wondering if its something that would just sit and never be used now its used often. Feels like an essential item. This was also rated by Americas Test Kitchen 2012 as the best salad spinner.", 'Purchased this as a gift and they state the spinner works very well.  Now if someone would purchase me one.  ;-)', 'This is our second spinner of this type.  The first one got in the hand of our 2 yr old and lost the battle, but since it worked great before we made a purchase of another one.', "There are spinners out there that boast of washing and drying.  This kitchen gadget nut is also a clean freak.  I'll wash my veggies and berries by hand, thank you very much.  Then I use my trusty Oxo spinner to finish the job.  It is the best DRYER on the market, and I have used a lot of them.  Instead of having to pull a cord and hope the thing doesn't fly off the counter or out of the sink, you just pump this puppy a couple of times and watch the centrifugal force dry your greens.  The spinner continues on its axis long after the last pump.  There is a brake button to stop the action if you wish.  The large clear bowl seconds as a salad bowl, and when you are through you lock the pump down out of sight for better storage.  What more could you ask for?", "I had an old spinner that was large and had a pull cord that was cumbersome to use and clean.  This is a great size.  It takes up less space and is still large enough for washing greens for a salad for my husband and I.  It gets the greens or lettuce dryer, too, and it stays stable on the counter while it's spinning.  I find it much easier to push the plunger than pull a cord.  I'm happy I finally bought one.", "Having used several different types of salad spinners over the years, I have to say that this is the best one yet. Just push the plunger and let it spin away. You can do other things while it works, as you don't have to hang on to it. A real time saver in the kitchen.The small one will spin enough lettuce for 1 - 2 salads, so if you have a big family you would most likely want the large one.It really is a one hand operation, all the other required two hands to use.", "I saw this one at my sister's house. Tried it, loved it. Bought it here and it came right to my door within a couple of days. I saw it at my local Target store for the same price. So, if you don't want to drive to your local Target store. Buy it here, it costs the same and you save time.", "Saw this recommended on the sprout house website. Compact and just the right size for sprouts of all kinds and of course smaller amounts of lettuce. It's a workhorse that never fails to spin. Very easy to clean and store. Oxo, good quality!", "It's amazing that somebody finally did sell something what does exactly that it was advertised to do... and I thank you graciously!", "I've had other salad spinners and this one is far better.  Very easy to use and effective, the brake is a great feature.  I like mine so much I purchased one for my mother as well.", 'I just bought this item to replace a 8-year old Zyliss spinner b/c I couldn\'t separate the lid for cleaning.  I knew the OXO was a great product since I already had the smaller one which I use for blueberries, cherries, herbs, etc.  But, this large OXO is heavier than my Zyliss and it\'s difficult for this senior woman with slight arthritis to handle.  I used to "one hand" the Zyliss (even full), but I have to use both hands to carry the OXO empty.  If it was lighter, I\'d give it 5 stars.', 'I got this as a gift for my Mom she is pretty health conscious and thought this would be a good gift for her. She loves it and uses it quite a bit.', "Believe it or not, this is my first salad spinner.  I purchased it based on the reviews.  Really glad that i did.  I've run about 4 heads of various types of greens through it so far.  I usually wash and tear the greens by hand, then use the spinner to dry. Depending on how much water I've used, they are usually dry in one or two spins.  I drain the excess water from the bowl, replace the basket with the greens still inside, then continuing making my salad directly in the basket.  Any leftovers stay in the basket and are stored in the fridge.  The salads appear to stay fresher longer this way than if I had stored them in a bowl.  So far I really love this device!  Plus, I must say it's really fun to push the top to spin the basket!  (kid at heart!)  And the bowl stays put on the counter top - no moving around.  Wish I'd purchased this sooner!", "Like what some other reviewers have mentioned, this spinner does not dry the greens. It does get rid of the excess water after you have washed them, but they remain wet.I use this for 2 purposes:- To wash and get rid of the excess water in the salads before storing them in the refrigerator. Even though the greens don't dry completely they do remain fresh for upto a week after washing.- I do a lot of Indian cooking and stir fry greens regularly (fenugreek, dill weed, spinach, mustard bitters) and having any excess water from the washing can make the resulting preparation very mushy. I use this spinner to get that water off and it does the trick.", 'I had an older salad spinner that had the horrible pull string on it.  It eventually broke so I was turned off from buying another one.I eat alot of green salads and I also have to clean fresh herbs both for cooking and also for my pet rabbit who loves parsely and cilantro.  I decided to try this one since OXO has never let me down.  This spinner is excellent!  It has a rubber bottom to keep it from slipping and the push spin makes it fast and easy to dry greens.The materials are sturdy.  Much better than my old one.  This was a good investment.', 'In the summer, I grow lots of lettuce in my garden.  This spinnermakes it easier to clean and prepare salads everyday.Easy to use and clean.', "One of the things I love most about Oxo is that it's not a company to rest on its laurels. Even when they have a perfectly great product on the market, they look for ways to make it even better. And with this latest version of their salad spinner, Oxo has done it again!I had the previous version for more years than I can remember--the darned thing was bulletproof. And I'd still be using it now if a clueless house guest hadn't stuck its spinner top cover in the bottom rack of my dishwasher with the wash cycle set for extra hot water. As you might expect, the plastic warped and that was that.I was concerned that the new model couldn't measure up to the old one, but to my pleasant surprise it was improved in every way. The plastics throughout look and feel to be of higher quality, the appearance is far more attractive, the new compact design takes up less space in my cabinet and the spinner mechanism works as well as ever. What's not to love?! So bravo, Oxo, for once again being the company for which great isn't good enough.Thank you for taking the time to read my review and I hope you find it helpful in making a buying decision!", "This is good for both washing veggies as well as drying them.  Safe, easy and fun for kids to help out with in the kitchen.  I find the large size useful for getting the water out of small laundry items too.Doesn't have the stupid string to break.", 'I have used this salad spinner for about 5 years and really like it.  I recently purchased one for my sister as she was complaining about the cheap one she has.  It works better than any others I have used, but like all of them can be a bit difficult to clean.  I just rinse it thoroughly right after use so that nothing dries inside it.', "Good spinner but like so many of them, once it gets spinning it can move around a bit on a counter. You have to hold it still or put on a dish towel. I like that you can easily take the lid apart in one motion to wash the inside of the lid. I am not a fan of the brake button as I believe it causes the plastic to wear and eventually get into your salad. I just spin it and let it stop on it's own.Overall, it's just what I expected. My last one wore out after several years. This one seems to have been improved since the last one so I am mostly happy with it. OXO makes solid products and nothing lasts forever.", "What can I say that has not already been said. I purchased the Mini because I have limited cabinet space and usually am cooking for 2 or less. This thing is amazing, works like a charm. I only wish that you could by additional strainers so I could use as temporary storage while I am spinning something else. I'm really glad I opted for the Mini and will likely buy a second one. The size is perfect and holds more than what you'd probably anticipate from the picture. Amazon offers a great priced compared to other retailers on this (unless you get a 30% coupon at Kohls).", 'very satisfied with this product; easy to use and really gets moisture out of leafy vegetables.  Sturdy construction.', 'I was resisting getting a Salad Spinner for a while (never saw the point).  Caved in and finally got one, and I really am impressed with how fast it dries the lettuce/spinach/etc. (vs the papertowel method I was using before).  I love how this one works as a storage and an attractive serving bowl as well.  This is definitely worth the price!', 'I washed and spun 2 heads of lettus in no time flat with this gizmo.  I love that the pump mechanism can be stored locked down and the little black braking button is a really nice touch.  I will update this review in the future if I find any problems with it later but for now it seems to be the perfect spinner.', 'This is a great kitchen item to have, it really gets out the extra water and allows your favorite dressing to cling to the salad.  A must have at a great price.', "I do enjoy salads, but I don't enjoy all the prep work cleaning the greens for the salads.  What's a girl to do?  Well, I got off my butt and read through reviews of various salad spinners and checked out what my friends had.This spinner was worth the search.  I can't believe how simple it is to use.  Rinse greens, put in spinner, pump the handle a few times and then hit the button.  When you take off the lid, you have clean and 'just moist' greens.  Which, if you apply salad dressings to your greens, means you actually enjoy the flavor of the dressing ON the greens rather than have it slide right off the soggy greens of the pre-salad spinner days.Since I enjoy buying organic greens whenever possible, this has been a time saver.  Let's face it, organic spinach is filthy!  It is usually splattered with mud and grit.  So in the past, it took several rinsings in a colander before the water ran clear.  Now, I have clean, organic greens in about 45 seconds.  And given the design, the greens are not in contact with the dirty water.  So your clean greens, stay clean... now all you have to do is dress the salad.Oh, the size of the clear bowl makes a great serving bowl for parties.  I prepare a salad, put the lid on, depress the pump, lock it into place, and then set the whole container in the refrigerator.  Then, when guests arrive, I can take it out from the 'frige, remove the lid, and have enough salad to feed a small army.  Leftovers also store well in this container.  Though with clean, no-soggy greens, who's gonna have leftovers?", 'I had a previous Oxo salad spinner, and after 10+years, it finally gave up the ghost. So I got a new one.This one is better than my previous one. It is more secure when in use, and it is much easier to clean. No downsides by comparison. Better than others I have tried, as the spinning motion is imparted by pushing down on the spinner,which helps keep it in place. Highly recommended.', 'Really like this salad spinner; it is really easy to use. It definitely does a good job when it comes to draining the water off of the salad greens!', "I received this as a gift and was initially tempted to return it based on past poor experiences with salad spinners. Very glad that I kept it -- it works well and is very easy to use. Rather than have to turn a knob or pull a string, all you need to do is push down on the plunger a couple of times and you're done.I have several other Oxo products and they all share the same attention to the little details that make the product better. With the salad spinner, the plunger can be locked in the down position to make it easier to store. Also there's a brake (a simple button) that stops the spinning so you don't have to wait for it to stop on its own.This would also be a good choice for someone with limited hand/grip strength. It's a lot easier to push down on a plunger than grasp a knob or pull a string.Highly recommend!", 'I bought this one as a wedding shower gift but I have the same model that I have used for years.  It holds up nicely and you can put it in the dishwasher.  It can be used for more than just lettuce too.', "Makes my life so easy! I often buy red or green leaf lettuce instead of bagges lettuce and this works so well after washing. I'd be lost without it!", "I've avoided getting a salad spinner for years because they take up so much room, but we eat so many leafy greens that it no longer made sense not to have one. I love this OXO spinner. It is attractive, and it works wonderfully. No more wet salads or trying to dry off veggies with paper towels. It's easy to use ... the brake is genius, and the handle will lock down flat if you need to save space. I highly recommend it.", "I bought this when it came on a gold box deal shortly after I had had a party and my salad had been diluted with all the water that had remained on the red romaine lettuce I was using.  Aggravated for the last time, I was very happy to see this come on a gold box offer.  It's small for a larger leaf lettuce such as romaine, but I tore it up in smaller pieces and away it went.  It's so easy my three-year-old figured it out before I did!  This is a great purchase but I'm also going to get the larger one to do larger leaf lettuce.  I love this thing!", "I love the mini version of this salad spinner.  It holds enough greens for a couple of dinner salads, works very well, and it's easy to store because of the smaller size.  Mine has been going strong for a couple of years.  I love it for washing and drying herbs from the garden in the summer.", "The Zyliss Salad Spinner I owned never actually failed to work, but pulling the cord several times while holding the bowl steady was an annoying nuisance. Cruising kitchenware at Sur La Table. By luck, I encountered this larger sized Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner. After trying the Oxo's efficient, easy to use push-down plunger, and its no-wobble action, I was sold on the spot. The 20th Century Zyliss went into the Goodwill box. Now I use this 21st Century, much improved Oxo salad spinner. Sure beats drying with paper towels while also wasting trees to make the towels (by the way, use more sponges and use less paper towels, I say).The spinner dries very well, yet works better if you empty the excess water and spin again if you want very dry greens and herbs. It takes just a few seconds to do this. The nearly vertical bowl saves space when storing...I like that. It is easy to clean and easy to use. The designers at OXO seem to work hard at achieving excellence...a very bright and clever crew indeed.I have many of their well-designed products such as the Oxo mandolin, colander, apple/pear divider, Uplift teakettle, and de-greasing cup. Too bad they discontinued their fly swatter...it is just perfect with its thick handle, excellent balance, and tapering shaft...with it I have remorselessly terminated many flies and moths with a deft flick of the wrist...deadly accurate. Oxo utensils are good too, but the handles are quite thick requiring a large canister to store just a few of them, so I prefer restaurant-grade Amco utensils with the thinner handles.I have had no problems with this product at all, and do not anticipate breakage. From what I have read, Oxo is famed for its readiness to refund your money, or replace items, if you are not totally satisfied. This spinner seems durable and functions very well, and comes recommended by me, for what that is worth, for your salad and herb drying pleasure.I hope this was helpful to you. If you have questions, please reply in the Comment section below...I would be glad to help.________________________________________________________________________________________________________________MY NEW BLOG: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com", 'love the wider base and straighter sloped sides.  much more stable on the counter to pump up reaching G force speeds... really do love it.', 'This is my first spinner and so far, so good. It works well for its purpose so I have no problems.', 'Easy to work and clean. love this spinner. would recommend to anyone. Very easy to assemble and take care of.', 'This thing works and works well. One of my better purchases from Amazon. It gets all the water off after washing it and I found it is very easy to clean after each use.', 'Easy to use, easy to clean, removes a lot of water. They even thought of making it flat across the top so you can stack things on it in your pantry.If I take the strainer basket out this is also large enough to replace the giant bowl I was tossing my salads in, which is awesome.If you want a salad spinner you should get this.', 'Easy to use, easy to clean and it works fast.  The brake on the unit works great. Best salad spinner I have ever had', "I have always washed my salad greens and shook them out in a dishcloth--this works fine but the salad spinner is definitely a convenience tool.  What I like about it--I can put a whole container of lettuce in the basket, rinse it, spin it, use what I need and store the rest in the fridge. Depending on the type of lettuce, it generally needs about 3 spins.  I empty the water left in the bowl after spinning, but I think leaving the water on the bottom might keep the salad crisper. I don't think it really makes a difference. It keeps for days and I just re-rinse and re-spin when I need more.  The lettuce is kept perfectly crisp and fresh.  There really isn't anything I dislike--it is big, but it fits on the bottom shelf of our fridge and it stores nicely in our pantry when not in use.  I thought it might be too big for 2 people, but it isn't.  I am sure the smaller one would work just as well and I may get that for herbs or veggies.  A very handy tool, and not a gimmick.", 'I grow my own lettuces.  I take the interior basket outside to put them in, then wash them.  The spinner takes the remainng water out. Easyto use, clean and stor.e', "Oxo makes great products (I have many), and I especially I love my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner.  I've had it for six years now and use it all the time.What I like about it is, well, everything.  It's nice and big.  I can buy varieties of lettuce (try the clam shell-packed Artisan lettuces at Aldis or Sam's Club), even spinach, and make up my own mix.I thoroughly wash and rinse the lettuce in the colander part, then soak them in ice cold water (add ice under the colander part and then cover the lettuce with water) for ten minutes or so, dump out the ice and water, and then spin them a couple of times (love the gripping feet), dumping the water after each spin, then dry the clear plastic outer bowl, replace the spinner part with the included cover, put it into the fridge and the lettuce/spinach stays crisp and fresh for a week.  I can have an interesting and tasty salad every night starting with a base of this great mix of lettuce/spinach from my spinner.I eat a lot more salad because of my salad spinner.  Great investment, great product.", "I have an older version with the white lid which doesny come apart. I spin my salad and leave it in the old container. The new container doesn't seem to seal as well and after a day the lettuce wilts a little. It just isn't as good as the older model.", 'Works great.  Just used it for the first time and was very happy about how well it dried my lettuce.', "This is perfect.  I grow plants such as lettuce in the back yard and want to be sure they are clean so I soak the leaves first in the large bowl before washing them and draining into the colander.  Then into the spinner.  I have had a spinner before, but with a crank, but this is so much better.  The spin is powerful.  If I want to be sure all the water is out, I may toss the lettuce around a bit one more time within the colander and spin again.  This sure beats using a towel as I had been doing!Also, the brake works well, and the top comes apart for a thorough cleaning.  The material is sturdy.  I think it's a great buy.  And I'm glad I bought the larger size.", 'Not only does the OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner make cleaning salad fixings a breeze, the outer core serves double duty as an attractive salad bowl. We love the fast pumping action and the quick brake stop feature. Definitely on the top shelf of things you need to keep handy in the pantry.', 'This item works really well for spinning lettuce and spinach leaves for salads. It also disassembles for easy cleaning. I like it!', "GREAT SALAD SPINNER!  I LOVE THE FACT THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO MANUALLY SPIN IT...JUST PUSH THE BUTTON AND IT DOES ALL THE WORK.  IT ALSO HAS A VERY NICE CLEAN LOOK.", 'I assumed you were paying for the oxo name with this product, but a year+ on it has been the best spinner I have had. It works well, has a nice stopping feature and is easier to spin than other models I have used. I especially like that it can be disassembled to allow for the components to try out (less bacteria buildup).', 'great little spinner.  No issues, easy to use', 'I have the mini version of this salad spinner.  I would not actually use the term "mini" to describe it, since it does hold a lot of lettuce.  It will hold a whole small head of leaf lettuce (chopped, of course) when packed full, which makes enough for two big plates of salad (or probably 4 small side salads).  I like that it is smaller in size (not clumsy or hard to handle, takes minimal storage space), has nonskid bottom, really dries lettuce well, is easy to operate and even has a brake to stop the spinning.  I just rinse it off when done (easy for quick weeknight dinners).  I like the operation of this product (push down) better than the large Zyliss spinner that I own that has a pull-string.  The small Oxo spinner is also great for drying blueberries.', 'Works great with salad and larger items such as: fruits and vegetables.', 'I buy quality kitchen tools and cooking equipment. Every OXO product I have ever held in my hands in the store or purchased for myself has been the best or nearly the best of all items available.  This product is no different.This product in person is much more substantial and built with quality than one may think from the photos.', 'In our house, I might do most of the cooking, but my wife is the Salad Queen. She loves salads, and loves making them. She didn\'t like to buy anything but bagged greens because she said that the cost savings were canceled out by the "quality" of bagged products, and the lack of effort. Now that she\'s been using this salad spinner for a while, she admits that she was missing out, all along.This thing is easy--EASY--to use, and easy to clean. We buy some greens, prep them, spin them, make a salad, and leave the rest in the spinner, in the fridge. My wife agrees that the freshness, crispness, and flavor of non-bagged lettuce or spinach makes it almost impossible to think about going back to her "bagged days". The leftover greens also last much longer than the bagged goods. Leaving flavor out of the equation, this item paid for itself in two weeks (we eat a lot of salad).If you eat a lot of salad: Just buy it.', 'I use my OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner every day for the last 20 years or so.  Today, I thought I wonder if someone invented a better salad spinner..........  So I checked and this one is still rated #1 and mine still works as good as the day I purchased it.  I guess there is no improving on perfection.  yet.', 'I had read that water on some vegetables while in the refrigerator can speed up thedegrading process.  I knew it was a good idea to wash all vegetables before eating.The solution is a salad spinner.  I spent quite some time researching the reviewresults on various salad spinners and this OXO appeared to be the best.I received it and immediately put it to use.  It is everything it was advertised tobe and both my wife and I are extremely pleased with this product.I am recommending it to all of my friends.', 'Since we are on a diet, buying those bags of salad mix is getting expensive.  With this I tear up a head of lettuce and rinse it out and within a minute of spinning, I have clean, dry lettuce.  I dare say I use this with other things like broccoli, too, but you have to put it in the leaves and even the weight out.  And it\'s like a toy top, fun to play with.  The handle recedes to make it less tall to put away.  This is the one Alton Brown recommends in his book "Gear for your Kitchen."', "Spinning salad, vegetables and other greens will produce a surprising amount of water still hanging around after washing. This item does an excellent job of getting rid of the excess water. The problem is every time you use it there are 4 separate parts to clean and that get's annoying.", 'This salad spinner is the best. It is for a large amount of salad, and the bowl doubles as a serving piece, looks great on the table. It spins the salad very dry, and stores well, the spinner knob, locks down for storage.', "After several years, this was on sale for $17.99 so I finally made the leap and this makes cleaning sandy Chinese greens much less stressful and wastes less water. This product should be marketed to the Chinese diaspora.  Frankly, everyone in Asia needs to be introduced to this product.  I don't use it as much as I would like because I don't eat as many vegetables as I ought to do.Another use for this is as a cake dome!  That means I don't buy the Anchor Hocking Savannah nor the Wilton Cake Dome Pedestal. What a good deal this salad spinner is.", "You can't beat this jewel!  It's durable, easy to use, easy to clean, and it does a great job.  Like any other salad spinner, hold it steady with your free hand while it is spinning.  That's all. . .nothing to it!  To clean it afterward, I usually just rinse out the bowl and strainer and let them air dry.  But once every few days or so, I might put them in the sink with soapy water for a real wash.  You won't regret getting this kitchen staple!", "I've only used it a few times so far but it spins well and fast. It's nice that the pump top collapses down for storage and the brake button is nice too. If you spin it empty it seems to have a slight wobble but that may not mean anything at all because it seems to be perfectly fine for spinning lettuce. Also it works great for leftover salad storage in the fridge because the water at the bottom is kept away from the leaves and they will stay fresher much longer.This is one of our favourite kitchen items because even though it is very bulky and takes up a significant amount of storage space, we think it is well worth having especially since we have a salad at dinner probably every other day.", 'My oh My!  This is the thing to have. Works like a charm at spinning out water on lettuce. Getting it dry makes it keep longer in the refrig. Nice product, nice size and quality. Will replace with same product if this one wears out, which will be a long time from now. I like how the push button can be locked in and make it easier to store, making it less tall, and taking up less room in cabinet or refrigerator. Would make a great gift for a new bride.', 'I rinse all salad materials, even those in packages labeled &#34;washed thoroughly&#34;  Getting as much water as possible off the greens helps the texture of the salad as well as removing more of any contaminants which washing removed from the veggies.', 'This spinner does get a lot of water out after you spin it however the lettuce is still moist which I guess is expected. I thought it would work a lot better. However, after allowing this to sit in the fridge for a few hours, more moisture drops from lettuce which is something I could not accomplish before. Overall this serves its purpose.', "This salad spinner is so amazingly centered! A single push and it keeps spinning for what feels like minutes. Feels kinda magical :-) we are loving it!! The color is very vibrant too.It is all plastic though :-( and quite hard to store (it doesn't fit in my cabinet drawers so I have to store the lid to the side. But we're fine with that.", 'I\'ve used an OXO salad spinner for years.  It finally wore out and I ordered this "newer" version.  The PR states how OXO has identified problems and improved this spinner version.  Baloney!  The following are my observations:1.  This version of the spinner comes without a lid as opposed to the previous version that did come with a lid.  You are supposed to use the spinning mechanism as a lid after collapsing its handle.  The protrusion of the mechanism into the bowl takes up several cubic inches and thereby reduces the amount of salad you can store in the bowl.2.  The lid that came with the previous version of this spinner allowed you to easily shake the bowl to toss the salad.  With the protrusion of the mechanism into the bowl as mentioned above, this is no longer possible.3.  The colander that spins in the bowl is configured slightly different than its predecessor.  It is more difficult to dry with a dish towel.4.  The instructions with this spinner say the lettuce will stay fresher if you leave the salad in the colander for storing in the bowl.  Again, limiting the volume of what can be stored in the spinner.5.  The spinning mechanism is flimsily constructed and may not hold up as its predecessor version.  Other Amazon reviewers have mentioned that it failed after relatively short usage or attempting to disassemble it for cleaning as per OXO instructions.6.  The only improvement that I discerned in this spinner version is the wider base of its bowl.Bottom line:  Is this a good product?  Overall, yes it is a good product.  However, because of what I have alluded to above, I cannot in good conscience give it more than three stars.  Sorry OXO, you generally make wonderful products of which I have many.  Not this time.', 'I am late to the game on salad spinners.  It is my new obsession for dinner.  No more bagged salad for us!', "This salad spinner has so many useful features. The push top locks into place so it takes up less space. The nifty brake button works really well. It spins fast enough to get the job done.The only reason we don't use it more often is because in the humid climate we live in we have to dry it completely every time we use it. If we leave even a slight residue of water and store it with the lid on it will never dry and mildews within a day or two. Other than that, we love it.", "I love this spinner.  Cooks Illustrated, which essentially serves the function of Consumer Reports for anyone serious about cooking, loves it too in their rating of a number of different spinners.Never any problems using or cleaning it in the months we've owned it.  I've put the bowl and colander through the dishwasher with no problems, but I wouldn't put the top piece through, even though OXO says you can.  A quick rinse in the sink is plenty to keep it clean, though.It requires hardly any strength to use -- just push down the knob and it gets going fast.  Use the brake button if you just can't wait for the dang thing to slow down, or (if you're like me) just for your own personal entertainment.  It's a toy with buttons; they are meant to be played with!I notice a few reviewers complained that this spinner broke -- OXO has a great lifetime warranty and will replace anything that breaks as a result of normal use.  So if yours is defective for any reason, there's no reason for you to be out any money.", "The spinner works well, but unlike other spinners I've used, this one has no designated top to cover the salad once it's made. You either have to find your own, or use the top with the spinning device. If you use that, you may have to make a &#34;well&#34; in the middle of large salads in order to accommodate the big cylinder that hangs from the top.", 'We received this OXO Good Grip 32480 salad spiner just in time because our old one was broken.  This one works very well and it is so easy to operate.  We simply love it!', "I had to wonder what could make a salad spinner really stand out from the rest and I think I got my answer with this model from OXO.First off the design is simple and works effortlessly because it wasn't over designed with unnecessary parts. The thickness of the outer bowl is more than adequate and feels like you could drop it without it breaking. The pump mechanism works very well without the need to press very hard or often. I like that the pump handle can be locked down for storage with a button and the spinning bowl can be stopped manually with a button that acts like a friction brake. I decided to purchase the lettuce keeper and the lettuce knife because of the reputation for quality from OXO. I also own a tea kettle from OXO and really like it for all the same reasons, build quality, design, etc.  If you're in the market for a great salad spinner I wouldn't hesitate to purchase this model. Consider the lettuce keeper and knife, too.", 'This is the best salad spinner that I have ever owned. It is a little pricier than others, but as the saying goes..."You get what you pay for."', 'Sometimes I get lazy.  I think I should have a salad tonight but don\'t because it is so much bother to make.  Saw this do hickey and said "why not try it".  I did.  Even when I am real lazy at dinner time I make salads.  You put all your lettuce and veggies in the spinner and run water up to the brim.  I usually add ice and make everything cold and crisp. Pick up the basket and dump the water and ice in the sink.  Then put the lid on and spin away.  Everything is ready to dump into the salad bowl.  When you spin this gizmo doesn\'t even walk on you.  I love this item.', 'This is way too small for drying anything. A pint of strawberries barely fits in it and the central stem extends too far down into the receptacle taking up too much space in an already tiny space. It looks nice but I have absolutely no use for anything this small except maybe a handful of berries. Forget a head of lettuce.', "I saw a salad spinner used on America's Test Kitchen, checked to see what they recommended, and bought this one.  I've used it a lot and recommend it to all my friends and family who  help me cook when we get together.  Once they use it they are just as impressed as I am.", "This thing is great. Perfect for a small family and doesn't hog up all the cupboard space.", 'The unit works well, but we stopped using it, because it took up too much room in our refrigerator.  This is much larger than expected and not really pratical.', "I don't know what the big deal is about this salad spinner?I just bought it on the great reviews here, and the size!...Big mistake.I have one of the old Spinners that I pull the string with a handle, and I must say, it is Much better at drying my Greens then this one is..This Salad spinner's basket is thicker,more rigid, and seems to catch the water which doesnt let the water fall to the bottom like my old one does..Also this one is closer to the bottom, seems my greens are still sitting in the water, I have to keep emptying out the bowl of water then continue spinning..This one is bigger then my old one, but it has this big plastic thing in the middle , think that is what makes it spin, but it takes up more room inside, and even though my old one is smaller in size, it holds allot more greens then this big one can!I have to say this one is easier to use, but my old one is not hard at all either...If I were buying this one again, or my old one, I would buy my old one..From what the reviewers here had to say, it looks like this is there first Salad spinner they have ever used..That said, they would think this is great. Much better then trying to dry your Greens on a towel or useing a paper towel..I can remember doing it that way along time ago, and its a mess, and takes a long time..I would not buy this one, after knowing the differents..", "This is without a doubt the one of the best, and I've actually tried a few. I've had mine for four years now and it still WORKS as good as the day I bought it. Never mind comments about it being too bulky(smaller versions are available). If you make a lot of salads, this is a must have. It's sturdy and wrings salad dry within 1-2 spins. Most importantly, no awlful hand cranks that can brake off. For this kind of quality,it's worth every penny.", 'I looked at a lot of salad spinners and tried several models out at Wal-Mart, William-Sonoma et al.  The Oxo is a very sturdy and elegant design, and we use it all of the time.It is dishwasher safe, the mechanism used to spin the salad basket is a cleverly designed push piston, it has a built in basket brake so you can stop the basket spinning, and the bowl can double as a salad bowl.A great product that I would highly recommend.', 'Work well.  Keep in mind you press down on the top.  Do not pound it, it spins with little pressure. After it begins to spin, you can add pressure and increase speed. This way you do not over stress parts.  Works quite well.', 'This is a good product for drying out vegetables.  It takes much less time to spin this than to pat lettuce dry.  I only use it when I am making large amounts of salad because it is big and takes up a lot of room on my counter.I would buy it again and recomend it for people eating a lot of salads.', 'I really like the way you can use the spinner without having the bear hug it to hold it down.  No water on the counter is also nice.', 'No other salad spinner compares. I want the smaller model as well. Both can be used for other things such as spining the seeds out of tomatoes (yes, you do have to cut them first).', 'We got this as a gift some time ago for our daughter. She loves it for all kinds of applications where you want to separate the water from the &#34;other stuff.&#34; She uses it for greens (duhhhh), but also for lots of other stuff from her garden that she wants to wash and quickly dry. This product has been used a LOT, works superbly well, and has LASTED. More than we can say for most things we buy now-a-dayz.', "It's just like it's bigger brother and works exactly the same. I love OXO's products and this one hasn't disappointed me thus far.I would recommend the larger over this one if you deal with a good amount of greens but for my needs this is fine.", "Easy to use, very effective and great looking. I've tried the others - string pulled and cranked - and this is simply the best.", 'The inner bowl is a latticework of white plastic, with holes small enough to keep shreds of lettuce in yet plentiful enough to let out all the dirt. We follow the Alton Brown-approved method of cleaning lettuce - we put the lettuce in the latticework bowl, put that inside the outer plastic bowl, fill with cold water, and allow it to sit for at least a few minutes. This allows the dirt to settle to the bottom.Then we lift the latticework bowl out and pour out the water. Put it back into the now-empty clear plastic bowl, and top with the funky-looking lid. Release the "pump," which will pop up (I recommend having a hand on it so it doesn\'t pop up very suddenly and loudly - spring-released and all that). Then press down repeatedly on the pump, spinning the inner bowl - like most Oxo products, this is very easy on the hands.Now here\'s the cool part. Unlike any other salad spinner I\'ve seen, this one has a brake! When you want to stop spinning your lettuce, press the little black button and it\'ll immediately stop the spinning. Lift off the top, and you\'re done!The only minor problem is that it\'s hard to dry everything off. The top mechanism is enclosed, and it\'s likely to get at least a little wet inside during the spinning process. You just have to put it in a rack and wait for it to dry - you can\'t dry the inside with a towel. Likewise, it\'s tough to dry the latticework bowl with a towel because of all those nooks and crannies.', "At first I wasn't sure... that's alot of money for something who's purpose is just to spin lettuce; boy am I glad I bought it though! I put on mega weight when pregnant with my daughter, and needed to start eatting healthy, everyone knows fresh greens are healthy but who likes the soggy brown mess you get when you try to make a salad? Enter the spinner. First you can chop your lettuces and toss them in to wash, then spin spin spin (this part is fun) you get a wonderful dry salad (ie dressings stick!) and it keeps is so fresh in the fridge that I can have salad every day easily now. Best purchase I've made in along time!", 'I have to say that I usually don\'t buy into the hype of "Oxo" but in this case the salad spinner is great! I had another one but it definitely was not as easy to use. The clean up on this product is incredibly easy and sturdiness of the product is much better than other spinners. I have owned many salad spinners and they all typically break within a year. This Oxo spinner has been going strong for over 1.5 years now and it still looks brand new!', 'Well-manufactured, excellent design, useful salad spinner has been utilized since I unpacked the box.  Highly recommend.', 'Works perfectly every time, has had a lot of use, going on 7 years old, and still performs well. OXO makes great products that are sturdy and well-thought out for the most part; I can rely on this brand usually, and the salad spinner is no exception. Cleans up easily, stores easily--and washes/dries the greens thoroughly! Highly recommended!', "I've always wondered if these things were as good as they were hyped up to be and, after reading yet another magazine article touting the benefits, I decided to order one for myself.  This is a good solid product.  I especially liked the suction cups that hold the spinner to the counter top during the spinning process.  I found that lettuce truly does last longer and tastes fresher than the salad mix in a bag that I typically purchased.", "I wanted this for so long, but didn't want to find a place in my kitchen to store it.  I finally purchased it on a carefree whim and then when I bought my first bag of romaine bunches and had to clean them, I couldn't wait to try this. I LOVED IT.  I always hated washing salad and waiting forever for the leaves to dry enough to put it away.  This takes all that misery away. Plus, I then store the salad in it and it is perfect.  Still a bit costly, but it should last a long, long time.  Now, if only I liked salad more...", "I saw this product on several of those Food Network cooking shows.  I'm naturally suspiscious of products endorsed by tv hacks because I assume it's a conflict of interest - the manufacturer is probably a paid sponsor.  Well in the case of any of the Oxo products that I've seen on these programs I have to say they SHOULD recommend them HIGHLY.  The Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner is an absolute winner!  Simply the best salad spinner that I've used.  The great features:  it has a large capacity, certainly enough room for lettuce for a large family salad; it is well made of hard clear acrylic, the top is removable and so is the large plastic basket inside for easy serving, the base has a non-skid surface, the ergonomically designed pump is also made from a rubber-like non-skid material and is very easy to pump with one hand, wet lettuce leaves (or whatever you want to spin) are dried in no time with just a couple of pumps; there is a small yellow rubber piece that you have to remove when you take the spinner out of the box, don't throw that away, when you are done using the spinner you can push the pump down and relock it with the little rubber piece for storage; you can just leave your lettuce in the spinner and put the whole thing in the fridge; the small black button next to the pump is a brake to stop the spinner - another great idea; everything is easily broken down for cleaning with a little soap and water.  Like all the Oxo products I've purchased this salad spinner is well made, is easy to use, actually works, and is reasonably priced.  Don't waste your time even looking at any other salad spinners, trust me, you can't do any better than the Oxo Good Grips.", 'Should wash all veggies from the supermarket, even if the bagged salads say they are pre-washed.  This spinner does a great job.  And, the outer bowl becomes your salad bowl.  Very versatile.', "Does the job.  I haven't used it much yet but so far so good.  It stores well in our fridge which is nice.", 'It works very well for cleaning, drying and storing lettuce from the garden.', 'Even if you just need to dry your socks this works fantasitcally!  It washes, dries and stores well.  Get it!', "This is the second one we've bought (the first was disassembled by our kiddo) and love it just as much. Great product.", "You like kale??? I love kale! You like kale chips??? I love kale chips!  You hate how you have to wash your kale and then when you try to put olive oil and seasoning on it none sticks cuz it's still wet from dabbing with paper towels??? ME TOO!!! You think this salad spinner gets the wet gone??? It sure does!!! Pump pump pump.  Spin spin spin. Dry dry dry.  Dig it!  Get some salad spinner!  Get some :-)Seriously though, it works great.  Good price.  Only part I don't dig (which may be a standard feature for salad spinners) is how much the center thing on the lid sticks down into the bowl.  It kind of limits how much solid matter you can put there while still putting the lid on fully.  I.e. if you fill with cauliflower, you have to leave a dip in the center for the lid to sit all the way down.", 'I\'ve eaten a heck of a lot more salad since buying this product. That alone should tell you that it\'s a good product. However, I\'ll expand on that with some more details.Pros:- Salad keeps a LOT longer. No more of those mushy pieces at the bottom of the bag/bowl. It all stays nice, crisp, and fresh.- It\'s extremely easy to wash. Use the colander to wash it, then put it in the spinner and empty out the water. Simple.- Put the colander in, attach the lid, and press the button a few times. It\'s easy to do and gets most of the water off without extra work.- Doesn\'t slide around on the counter or move. You can just press the button a few times and let it go.- Very easy to clean. Just wash it in the sink. No nooks, crannies, or crevices for stuff to get into.Cons:- The "stopper" button doesn\'t function very well any more. It\'s been about 4 months, and it feels like it is wearing down. It\'s not a big deal since it does stop on its own eventually.', "After researching a bunch of spinners I settled on this one because of the reviews.  It really spins the water out and I can put alot of veggies in this at once.  The water catching bowl is great to use as a big salad serving bowl too.  The only con is it's size: It's huge.  BUT, that's also what I like about it, that it's so big it can spin lots of stuff at once.", "801 reviews so far, it's pretty clear my 2 cents aren't needed but nevertheless: I love this spinner and am so thrilled that I finally own one. It quickly, and effectively, spin dries the lettuce and looks good doing it. Love it.", 'We received one of these salad spinners as a gift 10 years ago, and we use it on a regular basis.  Not only is it a great spinner, storing the greens in the spinner in the fridge extends their life immensely (compared to any sort of plastic bag--even those veggie bags that extend the life of the greens).', "I bought this one to replace the softworks model that we wore out (after about 5 yrs).  Pros on the green one:  Clear lid, removable spinner top liner for cleaning.  Cons:  it's not as big as the softworks model, and we cant get it to spin as fast.If I did it over, I'd go with the softworks model again (the white one).  Even though it doesn't break down as well for cleaning, it spins faster and holds more.", "How many times have you reached in the fridge for the salad you just washed and shredded the day before and you find it's already wilting and browning?  Too many times for me!  This is a super product, designed to keep optimal moisture for keeping salads at the peek of freshness.  This salad spinner will make it possible for the salad to be eaten entirely before the salad leaves expire, leaving no waste.  This product is well made, durable, easy to clean, fun to use, and it really does what it's supposed to do.  What I love about this product is my grade school boys like to push the spinner button and spin the lettuce and then wait for it to stop cycling...and then serve up a bowl of salad to eat themselves.  Before, they wouldn't have had anything to do with a salad to eat, now they are interested in this NEW food!  This salad spinner is a must have for health conscious families!  Great buy, highly recommended!", "Just received it, tried it out of course to see if it worked, was disappointed when I couldn't get it to spin until I realized I had to remove the little piece of yellow foam that kept it from working.  Yes, will have a yummy salad tonight, now that I don't have to dry lettuce leaves on paper towels anymore.  i had one before but don't know what happened to it......maybe I gave it away by mistake.  Big mistake.  Hope this will be my last one.  Works great.", "I was surprised how big the spinner was when I received it. But its a perfect size since my family eats a lot of salad. The only thing I didn't know about the spinner was, on the bottom there is no holes. So don't add too much water when using it.", "I started working nights and my wife does not cook so I had to start pre-making dinner. This item has been a lifesaver to create fresh salads which can be stored. I purchased the large one. I can use the bowl to ice bath the lettuce and then empty it into the collander and dry it. I also use the bowl to then toss the salad with dressing. This item also allows me to wash fresh fruit like starberries and grapes, then spin dry and store in tupperware for the week. A must needed product for any kitchen. Don't skimp, get the big one, you will need it. I highly recommend this product.", "This one was a gift, but I have an identical one (although not green). I use it all the time, and it works wonderfully. It's a bit bulky to store, but I especially love it during the summer when I'm getting lots of fresh greens in my CSA share. I wash them and dry them in this, and then I store them in this in the refrigerator. It works perfectly as a crisper in the fridge, and keeps greens fresh and crisp up to two weeks, which is kind of amazing. I love this thing.", "My husband and I do lots of cooking and had an OXO salad spinner for years. It finally gave out and we replaced it with a salad spinner from another &#34;trusted brand name&#34;. It broke within a week, the spin was so weak it didn't remove any moisture whatsoever.  I found this brand new and slightly restyled OXO and bought it immediately. The OXO spins lettuce, cabbage, spinach quickly and easily. With the new clear bowl you can see how much water is coming off of the freshly leaves.", "I haver never used it but my wife can't say enough about how much easier and more efficient it is compared to our older model.", "We love to have a fresh salad, especially in the spring, summer and fall when the produce is less expensive.  We always make sure that we thoroughly wash the produce to avoid any issues with contamination.  My wife loves this salad spinner as you can  rinse your vegetables and greens till you are sure they are clean and then spin them easily and get rid of the excess water.It makes your salad healthier as you are sure the ingredients are clean and you don't get the water in the bottom of your salad bowl to dilute your salad dressing.  We use this all the time and it has held up very well.  We are used to having it and we would buy another if it ever broke because we are so used to the convenience of using it.It states that it is dishwasher safe but we wash ours by hand and it has been fine. This is a great product and well worth the money if you eat a lot of salads!", "I like it ,that's why I gave it 5 stars. I will not be doing these ratings anymore because you're required to make comments even when all you want to do is give a star rating. Unless of course I want to make people aware of a bad product.So if you don't see my name that means I liked it. If I don't like it you will see me bitch.", "I've held off on buying this for a long time because I had a hard time parting with $30 for a plastic bowl. I'm so glad I purchased it finally. As you would expect from OXO, it's very well made. OXO always has the best products--definitely the best value. The top handle makes the bowl spin fast so the lettuce dries in no time. It even has a little break to stop the bowl from spinning. The large bowl is the perfect size for a bag of lettuce.", "OXO has a smaller version to consider before you buy this unit. If your household is small, or the salad you make is less than a full head of lettuce, the smaller version is worth considering.This larger version takes up more storage space, not only in the cupboard but also in the dish drainer. That's a consideration when you realize that you need to wash the bowl and colander between uses, and that the inner mechanism on the underside of the cover also needs a chance to dry! I prefer to clean up in the kitchen as I do meal prep, and to let utensils air dry. The larger version made it enough more difficult because of its space requirements that I broke down and bought the smaller one recently.Bottom line: Look at both--and think--before you buy.", "I'm so glad I finally bought a salad spinner, and I have no complaints about OXO's salad spinner.  I use it for small herbs and lettuce as well as a temporary strainer (the inside part only, of course).  There's a rubber brake on the top to stop the spinning almost instantly.  If you cook with a lot of herbs or make a lot of salads, this item is extremely valuable to your kitchen collection.", "I owned a more expensive salad spinner that gave out after a decade or so. I wasn't familiar with OXO when I purchased that old spinner.By the time it gave up the ghost, I had come to know OXO's products for being well designed and durable. In October 2007 I ordered my first OXO Salad Spinner.It was used almost daily for five and a half years with no big problem. My only negative is that cleaning the lid is difficult.Some strength is needed to press the tabs to separate the lid's two pieces. The tabs on mine become brittle and one snapped off somewhere around 2010, but the spinner still did what it was supposed to do. The broken tab made it more difficult to separate the pieces, but not impossible.The reason I'm ordering a replacement is that the large bowl has become too ugly to use for serving anyone except immediate family. Repeated use, hard water and the dishwasher have clouded and pitted the bowl. Even fresh out of the dishwasher, it doesn't look clean.I'm all for function first, but form still counts and the old one was looking too gnarly. I am using the pending annual influx of summer house-guests as my reason for replacing my first OXO Salad Spinner. The price is the same I paid in 2007. At about a penny per use, I can't complain; I didn't expect it to last a lifetime.When I consider the price, above average performance and multipurpose functionality, I highly recommend the OXO Salad Spinner.", 'We had crisp rust-free lettuce even after,lettuce count them . . . 14 days in the fridge!The Oxo Good Grips Green Salad Spinner works.Our refrigerator is quite large so its size was no problem,just be aware it will take up substantial space in your fridge.The salad spinner keeps it green and keeps it fresh.~ The Boss and Mrs. B ~', 'I am on my 4th spinner.  I should probably contact the company and have them send me a replacement!  This is a nice spinner except the lid keeps braking in multiple spots mainly where the 2 pieces snap together.  The clear plastic tabs keep braking off.  I have the stainless steel ones the large and also the smaller size.', 'I love this salad spinner, it spins really fast and does the best drying job of any others I have tried', "I am anti-gadgets having discovered in the past I use them once or twice, and then I forget I have them or they don't work very well, and end up taking up valuable space.After rave reviews, I finally caved and bought the salad spinner.  This is a FABULOUS kitchen tool.  It really spins the salad leaves well with minimal effort.  I now use it every time I have salad. NO MORE WET SALAD!In addition, there are multiple uses with the bowl.  Serve your salad in it, store your salad in it, etc.", 'What would otherwise be a great product has been constructed of cheap, sub-standard materials.  The attractive clear bowl (which can and should be used for serving your salad) scratches VERY easily.  Even using a plastic-bristled brush quickly clouds the bowl, let alone using a scotch pad. Good quality acrylic would not have this problem.', 'Wheee!!! You get to watch the salad spin all around and the lettuce get dizzy. Fun to use and very functional. Clear bowl makes for a good serving bowl too!', 'This is a large rig that works well. I find  some Oxo stuff a bit silly with all the big rubber handles, but this is well-designed. Arrived quickly and without incident.', "I can't say enough good about this. It is the best thing I could of bought for my salads and sprouts. It works great and easy to do. Cleans easy. You won't be sorry with this one. I almost didn't buy it thinking I could do with out but I am so happy I changed my mind. I would give it more then 5 stars if I could.", "I'm not a salad spinner pro so I can't tell you how it holds up to other products.It seems to work good for when we use it, but honestly it's one of those things that sits in a cabinet all year not being used. If I was going to buy again I think I would buy an automatic one as you get tired of pushing the button over and over and over but it gets the job done.", 'We used cord pull spinners for years. My wife loves this one. Uses one in one home and bought this one for the winter snowbird place so we have used it for quite a while.', "This is an excellent product. I've used other spinners, they're alright, none of them is as good as the OXO spinner.I use mine regularly, and for all sorts of things. Lettuce washes and dries nicely in here, but so does most produce whether cut or whole. I regularly clean smaller things like mini-peppers, berries, grapes, and anything else that's too tedious to do by hand.Sometimes a single spin isn't enough, but a quick drain and mix-up of the produce and then a second spin generally solves that problem.Clean-up is easy, and after years of use--pretty careless use, too--my spinner is still going strong. If you eat a lot of produce, this is absolutely worth the money, and not just a gimmicky device that will take up space.", 'Reading over some recent reviews I can\'t believe the belly aches.  "Doesn\'t fit easily in the dishwasher".  Who puts a salad spinner in the dishwasher?  Just rinse the lettuce bits off and let it air dry.  "Doesn\'t spin very fast".  How fast do you need a salad spinner to go?  If you can\'t get the Oxo Good Grips salad spinner to spin fast enough to dry lettuce you are either over-filling it or you can\'t pump the easy ergonomic handle for some reason.  This unit is well designed and comfortable to use.  Why do I give it only 4 stars?  After about 3 years the spinning mechanism on the lid came apart on mine.  I was able to snap it together but it periodically comes apart.  The act of pushing down hard on the mechanism over and over is just tough on a relatively cheap plastic object.  All salad spinners have some variant of this problem, though.  Pull cord ones get tangled or rotted cords.  Crank ones wear out their gears.  Go with the Good Grips - they\'re easy on the hands.', "This has got to be the best salad spinner ever, on that point I agree with all the other rave reviews. But just try picking this unit up off a shelf when you have wet hands--or even dry hands!!!!!!! It's difficult!!!! Just wish they would put a small, very small, handle, ridge or inset on the bowl!!! Please!!!", "This thing really does work great.  Keeps salad clean and fresh.  The plastic will have some staining over time but doesn't effect the use of the product.  I would buy another any time I needed one.  The top pump part does lock down for easier storage.", "It's rare that you get a product that exceeds your expectations.  This is one of those cases.I make a lot of salads and was really getting tired of waiting for the lettuce to dry.  This thing spins so fast and for so long after a few pushes of the button, it's amazing.  I took out my Arugula and spinach, and couldn't believe how dry it was.  the amount of water I poured out that had been removed was impressive.Honestly, it's great to see a product do what it's supposed to do, so well", "I was buying pre-washed salads at least once a week at a cost of $4 each, and it was only good enough to serve 2 people. Often the salad mix was old. I finally bought one of these so I could buy farmer market lettuce for $1, and it last for 2 to 3 meals. I prep the lettuce when I get home from the market, it takes about 20 minutes, but I have fresh lettuce that lasts 1-2 weeks if you properly dry it and put it in paper towels. I recently read that pre-washed lettuce was dirtier then regular lettuce, so I'll never go back to store bought pre-washed salad mix. Love this salad spinner.", "This thing is awesome and with over 300 reviews and a near perfect 5-star rating you already know this.  We use ours almost everyday.  The only complaints I have are that you can't really clean underneath the lid where the spin mechanism is and the thing is not dishwasher safe.  Minus a star for those reasons.", 'THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE SALAD SPINNER BUT CAVEAT EMPTOR!!! THE INSTRUCTIONS LEAVE A LOT TO BE DESIRED.  IT SEEMS SIMPLE ENOUGH TO USE.  HOWEVER, IF THE BASKET IS NOT PLACED JUST SO, THE SPINNER WILL NOT TURN PROPERLY.  THIS WAS SO FRUSTRATING UNTIL 2 PEOPLE, ONE AN ENGINEER, FINALLY FIGURED OUT WHAT WAS WRONG.  THAT SAID, IT WORKS PERFECTLY FOR SMALL AMTS OF  GREENS.  PERFECT FOR 1 TO 3 PEOPLE.  THE ABILITY TO STORE THE  DRY LETTUCE IN THE SPINNER IS A PLUS.  IT KEEPS IT FRESH AND DRY.  I LOVE IT.  HAVE NOT USED IT ON HERBS OR BERRIES YET BUT I AM SURE IT WILL BE GREAT.', "I spent a long time buying bagged lettuce that seemed to go rotten the second I opened it. Finally fed up, I got this salad spinner and haven't looked back. You can fit a lot of lettuce in this and it keeps fresh for a good few days before it needs to be eaten. I've definitely already saved more by buying lettuce heads and using this than the icky bagged stuff. Oxo makes great products and this is no different.", 'I like the product and find it works very well.  The green is very nice.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to wash lettuce with a very efficient washer.', "I owned this for years in the original color and thought I was smart replacing it with the Chef'n Large Salad Spinner in Meringue with Arugula Basket. How they called it large I'll never know as it is much smaller than the OXO. And the OXO is designed much better, as the lettuce dries so much faster that I gave the Chef'n away after a month of struggles and purchased this in the delightful green!!!. Do not waste your money on the Chef'n or other wannabes, go with the OXO.", "I enjoy having this. I feel even the bagged salads must now be washed also, especially after the spinich e. coli breakout. I used to buy full leaf lettuce and wash then dry on papertowels individually. This makes it so much easier! Bagged salads last longer when I store in here instead. I buy a lot of bag salad, and in a day or two one can see how much moisture builds up inside. I transfer the bags over to the spinner and it's no problem any longer. Be forewarned that this size can barely acommodate an entire bagged salad, but minus a bowl or two it is perfect for the rest of the bag! (Read the bigger size may have difficulty fitting on some fridge shelves.) I also like to use it for other things like mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, grapes, and washing fresh herbs.", 'Glad I took the advice of other reviewers, this is a definitely a well made spinner.  I am eating more salads now than ever.  I am very satisfied and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting a good salad spinner.  Easy to use and clean.  I also store my leftover salad right in the bowl in the fridge and it stays nice and fresh.', 'This is well worth the price.  The cheaper ones do some good but not like this. And, if you haveweak hands or arms or shoulder problems, this is for you!', "I grew up in a household in which no one had even heard of a salad spinner let alone used one. I have worked for several years in the restaurant industry and I find having a salad spinner indispensable. I use one every day. For those of you who are not used to using one, they  can only be compared to beating your clothes against a rock rather than washing them in a machine. You get your greens much cleaner and they are nice and dry when you finish so the dressing doesn't slide off. I use the outer bowl to soak the greens in and then I dump them in the strainer part and spin away. Easy. The pump model is great because you can use it with only one hand (feel free to use your other hand for any purpose you like) and the OXO construction, as usual, is solid. You will wonder what you did before you owned this.", 'I purchased my Oxo Good Grips Salad Spinner some time in 2008 and even after 5 years of use, the salad spinner looks and works like it was new.  Operation is simple enough - just toss the wet salad in the basket, put the lid on, and let the kids push the large button until the salad is dry.  The unit is easy to take apart and clean (it really only requires a quick rinse).  Highly recommended!', 'I got this for my son for Christmas and we gave it a try one night before he took it home.  It did a great job spinning the water out.', "I love having cut fresh lettuce around for salads and things, and soaking it in water makes the lettuce really crisp, so then I use the spinner to dry and store it, and it works perfectly. It's very sturdy, but I used the bowl as a mixing bowl once and the inside got lots of visible scratches. Also, the top doesn't come apart, and a piece of lettuce got stuck in there and I any get it out, or find any way to wash between the two pieces. It comes apart somewhat, but not completely.", "I bought my spinner from Amazon in 2003 for not too much less than they cost now. It has been well worth it because I've used it a lot during that time.My greens get much drier with this than they do using a colander and towel. It makes the salads much more pleasant to eat. I've also used this to store washed salad in the refrigerator.", "Pros:-Removes water well.-Does not move around on counter while spinning.-Inner bowl can be used to rinse the lettuce before spinning.-Outer bowl can be used as a serving bowl after spinning.-Spinning mechanism can be locked down and you can store the whole thing in your fridge.-My preschooler loves helping me spin the lettuce :)I can't think of any cons, I like it that much!", 'I already had the larger salad spinner but added this one after my children moved off.  The smaller size does not require as much dishwasher space and is perfect when cooking for one or two.', 'This is our third salad spinner.  We had a pull cord style we hated as it wore out quickly.  Our second one was a kitchenaid and we liked it well enough and felt lucky that it lasted a year.  This one is great--the plunger feels like it will last a lifetime and the bowl keeps the lettuce crisp when we use it for storage.  My one complaint is that the bowl is on the small side.', "We've had three different salad spinners in the last 10 years. We gave two of them away - they didn't break, they were just too hard to use.My husband ordered this one and at first I was frustrated that he ordered it without asking me. I know, control freak but it is my kitchen. ;-)I'm really glad he did. It is so much easier to use than the other ones we had. There is an enclosed water trapper bowl. Some other models have holes in the bottom for the water to drain out as you spin. The problem is that they leak if you don't have it over the sink. We like to soak the lettuce in a full bowl of water before spinning.The spinner knob locks down for storage and the entire unit comes apart for quick rinsing. The knob is a comfortable rubber (like most Oxo products).Highly recommended for rinsing and drying lettuce and other vegetables. Not recommended for drying socks.", "bought it figuring I wouldn't use it that often -- I was wrong.  I not only use it to wash salad greens, I use it for beans when making bean salad, and other veggies as well... it handles it well and is fun and easy to use.", "Works great, better than other salad spinners I have had, my only wish is that it had a stainless or glass bowl because the plastic gets etched after a while and just won't ever look clean again.update 12/17/2012 - I still use this all the freaking time. Every day almost. It works great. The clear plastic has gotten foggy looking, but I don't care.", "I got this because I joined a CSA and knew we would be getting a lot of greens.  It did remove the dirt and grit, but takes up a lot of room and didn't work as I expected.  I was hoping the greens would be spun pretty close to dry, but even after spinning several times, they were still pretty damp.  I even placed them on paper towels and waited an hour, but still they were damp.  I live in Denver, so the humidity is generally low.  Maybe I'm putting too many greens in at once?  Letting the greens soak too long?", "Haven't yet used it much but it seems very well built and like it will do the job. Very pleased. The only drawback with this is that I bought the smaller one, not sure in hindsight if it will be big enough, I think if your into more of the faddish greens that are out in the last few years and only want salads for one or two it would be fine. However if your breaking up a head lettuce (I know, not in fashion now, supposedly not as healthy as others), it may be too small to do it all at once. I love my iceberg but am slowly accepting more romaines, leafy others too. Time will tell.", 'I own the larger version of this Salad Spinner and decided I would like the smaller version as well.This little salad spinner works very well for smaller kitchen tasks.  I am very pleased with it.  Very simple to use and easy to clean.It makes preparing salad greens a simple task', 'I purchased this replacement after considering other brands -- saw that the pullstring types etc had mixed reviews.  I have to say that the original which lastedme 8+ years until someone threw the bowl in the dishwasher, was fantastic.The only con was the fact that the dishwasher destroyed the bowl which cracked up.Guess my children might have sat on it and broken it etc also, was considering thestainless steel version, but fell in love with this versions looks, and the handylight weight feel.To describe this version, the outside bowl is clear, the inside colander and alltrim are green.  Very pleasant to look at vs the clinical clear, black and white looksof the original.  It is beautifully designed with a non- slip base, a lock so that the pop uphandle which you press down to spin can be locked down for storage, and a buttonto stop the spin immediately with a brake.  All features identical to the old version.', 'It is absolutely amazing how much water rinses from the lettuce.  No more drying lettuce on papertowels or awkward tastes from residual water.  This not only provides a bowl for rinsing the lettuce, but also comes with a handy flat lid for storing it as well and everything is plastic so it does not discolor the lettuce between uses.  Great clear bowl for also serving the salad too!', "I bought this to replace a KitchenAid spinner.  The models work with the pump, so they seem to &#34;dry&#34; the greens comparably.The pluses to the OXO vs. the Kitchen Aid are that:- Takes up less space, while holding a similar amount of greens- Is SOO much more attractive- It doesn't have a center support, so it is easier to clean and use (the basket is just a slotted bowl, while the spinning mechanism is part of the lid)- It is more dishwasher friendlyOverall, I really enjoy this spinner and use it all of the time.  A spinner is definitely something that you think is weird gadget, until you get one and then you find you use it all of the time.", "My wife saw this on a cooking show and decided she wanted one. I purchased it as a Valentine's day gift... OK, it's not the most romantic gift, but I took her to dinner, too. Anyhow, she loves it and uses it all the time. So far, it has worked well with no signs of breaking.", 'I have several OXO products so when I purchased this, I expected a great product.  I was not disappointed.  It spins the water out of my salad preparations with minimal effort by me.  The pump action is easy to use.  It is easy to clean and you can store your lettuce in the container, as well.', 'This is easy and comfortable to use. It quickly removes a tremendous amount of liquid from whatever you spin. I love it!', "This is a great salad spinner - easily gets all the water out of  your greens.  I even use it for storing extra greens I don't use in the fridge.  FYI, the size of this spinner is good for 2 people - you might want the bigger size if you're feeding more than that (or you will just have to keep spinning multiple times!  Spinner handle snaps down in place for flat, easy storage.", "I like the pump action. It's a lot easier than cranking and helps hold the spinner in place as you push down on it; almost a one-handed operation. I have used it to spin salads, and a bunch of cabbage before salting it into the saurkraut crock. A bit pricey, but so convenient it's a wash.", "We had the original Oxo spinner for years but it was lost in the recent Sandy storm in NJ. We reordered our old favorite and were surprised to receive this new model. It's more stoutly constructed than before and the shape is a little different, making the moisture extraction more efficient. Best of all it's a lot easier to clean the top. All to often improvements to a successful product are anything but; this is a happy exception.", "Exactly what I was looking for.  I'd seen a review of this on some blog site awhile back so gave it a try.  It is much, much improved from the old spinners and does a wonderful job getting rid of excess moisture in the lettuce.  I am glad I tried it because it is now a staple in my kitchen.", "The green just adds more of an aesthetic flair to it. I love it. I've never had a problem with it, have had it for awhile. Oxo usually always stands behind their products, and pride themselves in making quality products in general. Though I'm bias and am clearly an oxo junkie, I love this. I use it for herbs, salads, washing and drying fruits, veggies and even pasta. The rubber ring on the bottom of the bowl is probably my favorite part-I like it more than I thought I would. Would buy it again and again. It's just made well.", 'I got one of these at Target for my son for Christmas and loved the easy spinning so checked Amazon and sure enough, it was $5 less.  So I got this one and love the pump-spin action.  Looks well made, hope it lasts. A cheaper model I had cracked after a year.', 'purchased this spinner to replace an old and wharped on, works like a charm. the spinning handle is very smooth and fairly quiet, dries veggies enough.', "This was an early Christmas gift from my husband (since he FOUND his present in the closet early).  I've been wanting this since seeing it mentioned in, I think it was, Cooks Illustrated magazine.  I haven't gotten to use it much, but what use it's had so far, it's great!", 'I eat salads daily for lunch.  Salads are easy to pack... Easy to control calories... Etc.  I noticed no matter how much I left the lettuce in the colander to dry it was always slightly moist and would be slimy when lunch time rolled around.  Not any more!  This salad spinner does the trick to remove water from every nook and cranny.  It is a decent size when cleaning salad for one or a group.  It also works well as a serving bowl.', 'I have had this spinner for about 6 months and I love it.  I have a very small kitchen and the large spinner is just too large to store.  This one will hold 1 romaine heart at a time so I just do several batches of lettuce at once.  Once it is spun, I put it into a ziploc bag in the produce drawer and it will last for 2-3 weeks (I have a fairly new fridge-that helps).  The money I saved on lettuce alone paid for this very quickly.  Also the little black button you see in the photo stops the spinning-very nice to be able to do.', "I'd been wanting a salad spinner for several years. I did my research and the Oxo won! You can't beat a salad spinner that can also store the lettuce. And the price was much better than its competitors.", "My other salad spinner from Bed Bath & Beyond broke and apparently the manufacturer doesn't carry replacement parts, so that was a total waste, but this works perfectly as a replacement! and it holds just the right amount of lettuce for two salads! like how the lid compacts for storage too!", "I love this salad spinner! I've never used one before and was hesitant to spend almost $30 on one, but this thing is great! It works perfectly and keeps my greens crisp for over a week! I use it for kale every week and it has always lasted all week when I leave it in there in the fridge. Love it.", 'Handy item to have when making salads. Works well removing water after rinsing salad ingredients and is quality made. Easy to clean & store.', "This salad spinner is easy to set up and use.  It gets the lettuce really dry, which makes the dressing stick to it better (for a yummier salad!).  It is bulky, so storage might be a problem if your kitchen is crowded.I also recommend the accessory kit.  It includes a plastic lid for storage (why this isn't included with the spinner is a mystery) and a useful lettuce knife.", 'I\'ve been using a manual (hand crank) spinner for some years and the force builds up like a spin cycle in a washing machine - when you take off the cover, the lettuce, or spinach, or whatever you\'re cleaning, is completely dry and ready to work with.  I wanted to try the "push button" version, however, when I opened it up and looked it over, I wondered immediately how enough force was going to build up to actually spin off all the water, since that is no longer in your control and is up to the "button."  I tried it with spinach and romaine, and unfortunately, the leaves were still water-droplet covered.  A good spinner will leave the leaves almost entirely dry, and gorgeously ready to use.  Am sending back immediately and going to try a different one.  Why o why did I leave the one I loved w/ the ex?', 'My spinner finally gave out and no one makes it anymore. I prefer the string pull as i feel it gets the water out faster and better but this is a close second. This spinner is really nice! I got the smaller one and it is a perfect size! Thick plastic and the spinner push works great. It really does get all the water out. The push stopper works great but i feel it has a time limit as to how long it will last but lets see. I really love it.', 'Spins easily, drains well and it doubles for holding the lettuce in over night  after spinning. Sturdy made and is actually nice enough to pop on the table for dinner.', 'This is to document the failure mode.Purchased: November 10, 2011Failure: July 1, 2014Duration: 2.7 yearsThe failure was the inner basket. The mesh began to break. The top and outer basket were fine.', 'Again, I am amazed at the versatility of this spinner.  I find that I can keep my salad GREEN and unspoiled for about 3 weeks.  Still very good taste.  Normally, am afraid of these things, because they usually promise more than they give, but believe you will love it.  It even has a brake on it!!  I find gentle pushing of the plunger on top is best.  After reading some other ratings that others had trouble with breakage, I was a bit concerned, but all worries aside.  You will LOVE it!!', "Really awesome product!  Especially with the little break button to stop the spinning almost instantly.  Easy to disassemble and clean.  My only reason for not giving full stars is because of the motor.  It's so big that it takes up quite a bit of space inside so you can't fit as much of whatever you're spinning.  If the design was made with the motor somehow built on the outside, it would be perfect!", "I had one of the spinners that you had to crank, was tiring and slow. This spinner works very easily by pushing the button on top. My only complaint would be that it doesn't completely dry the lettuce but it is dry enough to use.", "This was recommended by Cook's Country, and it doesn't disappoint.  I have nothing bad to say about this spinner.  It spins really fast.  It is also easy to clean.  Only complaint is not really fixable.  It is big and a pain to store.", 'It costs less than the OXO Spinner (the rounder shape--the one we had for years, but the bottom finally cracked and we needed to replace it after 8 or 10 years or so) and it looks so much nicer.  The plastic is much denser and clearer, it takes up less room in the fridge, and is deinitely nice enough to use as a salad serving bowl as well.  Love this thing! And it feels so sturdy and well made, I think it will last a really long time.', 'Before getting this we would wash and dry the salad greens and making our salad took too much prep time. This has made life much easier, it dries the greens and is very easy to wash & dry in dishwasher.', "Save your money.  This was not my first salad spinner--I have two (one small, one large) rather inexpensive spinners I purchased from TJ Maxx and Marshall's, and those work MUCH BETTER than OXO's version.I consume most of my veggies raw and eat salad at least twice daily.  I use a huge variety of greens (butter lettuce, red or green leaf lettuce, frisee, dandelion, kale, watercress, arugula, spinach, microgreens, etc.), veggies (mushrooms, zucchini, cucumber, peppers, tomatoes, fennel, etc.), fruit and herbs, so a salad spinner is something that never leaves the counter top.  Don't get me wrong--the OXO will dry you veggies--they just won't get them bone dry.  My greens are still damp after a few spins.  My other spinners will get them totally dry with half the effort (and cost!)", 'Great product. But if you do not spin salads all the time, think about how much space you have. You kitchen can get full with all these extra products you only use once in a way.', "I got this spinner and like it but it's way too big for my needs.  Maybe if you have a family of 8, this would work just fine.", 'I purchased this salad spinner to replace an old one that was falling apart.  What an improvement!  I like the way this one doesn\'t slide around on the counter when it\'s in use.  I love the "push button" operation--much easier to use than cranking a handle on my previous spinner.  Another advantage of this product is easy cleaning--the top separates easily so it can be cleaned well, and it\'s all fine for use in the dishwasher.I use it to clean cut-up vegetables in addition to salad greens--great for soaking them and drying them thoroughly before roasting in the oven.  It\'s a great little product--I\'d recommend it to anyone.', 'This salad spinner is not, large, but instead is medium sized.  If you need a large spinner, this would not be it.', 'Loved it so much I bought 2 more, one for our summer rental and one for a friend. Easy to use and has many uses. Can store greens in refrigerator after spinning, can use basket to wash vegetables, can even use bowl to serve salad. Nice that the top locks down to save storage space. Also rubber anti skids are a nice touch.', "We bought this at the recommendation of a friend. It works great. The kids like using it when helping out in the kitchen. It's easy to clean too.", 'I had the original model for over 15 years when it broke.  I like this one better because it comes apart for cleaning and keeps the lettuce crisp.  I used to move the greens to a lettuce keeper after washing but now they stay perfectly crisp in the salad spinner.  I love it  &#10084;&#65039;', 'I like it more than any other brands. This one is my third one. I wish I pound get a bigger size to wash lettuce as well.', 'This is perfect for us!  I waited a long time before I decided to purchase one and I am so glad I bought a Good Grips Salad Spinner.  I love this product and it stays on my counter as I use it practically everyday.', 'I love the way the lettuce comes out---dry and fresh looking.  This product works as claimed.', 'Love the convenience of putting salad greens in and spinning the water out. No more soggy salads.No more watered down dressings', 'The OXO salad spinner is the best one we have used in our household. It is very easy to pump (and it will keep spinning for a long time).  The brake will bring it to a stop in a short time.  It is a snap to clean.  The outside bowl can be used to rinse greens before spinning.  We love it!', "I bought this salad spinner when the one I purchased at Target broke. It had a pull cord that jammed, so I was looking to avoid that feature. This one works great. I normally do two spins to be very thorough. I spin once, open it up, take out the basket, tip out any liquid, shake the lettuce in the basket, reassemble and spin once more. If you're prepping a lot of greens, I recommendProgressive International LKS-06 Lettuce Keeperto store lettuce for a week+. Also, this might just be me, but I'm not totally comfortable using the bowl to serve from as others have described. I mean, aren't you spinning off water that is removing dirt and chemicals from the greens? And aren't those chemicals and dirt thus being spun onto the sides of the bowl? It would make a nice serving bowl, but I'd probably wash it post spin and pre serve.", "This really is the best.  But, as mentioned on America's Test Kitchen, dont overload the spinner, and dont expect the greens to be bone dry.  The only thing that competes is the time honored method of whirling a pillowcase with your greens.  Both methods can be done one handed.  Granted, the time honored way uses more calories, but it also requires a great deal more space (unless you want to hit your guests in the face or some other body part.)  Also great for those &quot;delicate&quot; fruits, as raspberries, blueberries, strawberries, etc.Even better, the handle locks down so it doesnt take up tons of space in the cupboard!.  There is also a cover that you can use, if you wish to store the greens in the frig for a period.", 'This is a nice item to clean your salad mixings. It is easy to clean and I would highly recommend this.', "Wonderful spinner! We use it all the time, its very sturdy and easy to use. If it breaks I'll buy another one here.", 'This was a gift from my husband and kids to me for Mother\'s Day.  Well, honestly I emailed my husband the link and said "I want something like this" :)  Nonetheless!  It\'s perfect, excellent and awesome.  I love OXO.  Super durable.  This is a big mama, so make sure you can store it.  Ironically, I\'ve used it for everything BUT lettuce!  I use it for grapes, rinsing black beans, strawberries, etc.  Although they didn\'t advertise it as such, they should tell people that even though it has a pump...you can adjust the speed by how you pump it.  For lettuce, you can do full pumps and it\'ll be amazing.  For my grapes and whatnot, I do a mini pump or two so as not to bruise up the fruit and it\'s gentle enough.  I love this product...can\'t say enough!  Also, I use this for hard boiled eggs.  I boil them, then put them in here, fill it with ice water and let them chill.  The I just pull out the strainer and the water is left behind.  You could also use the strainer for other things...however I will mention is is thin and not flimsy...but also not super sturdy.  Of course this is on purpose so that it can spin fast...so I\'m ok with that.  Excellent product...probably overpriced...but it will last me forever and OXO is great at taking care of their customers.', "I have never owned or even used a salad spinner before, so I can't compare it with other brands.  But, the Oxo Good Grips salad spinner was exactly what I wanted.  I have eaten salad many times since purchasing it.", 'My wife bought this a while back, and my first thought was that this was a gimmick designed to part a fool from his money.  But after using it to make a salad and then using it to preserve lettuce in airtight jars I can definitely speak for the value of a salad spinner.  This thing has saved me a lot of time in trying to dry my lettuce before preserving it or using it in my salads.  Looks like I was the fool for not believing in the hype, but this is well worth the small amount of money spent.', "Salad spinners have now been with us for 30 or more years, and if you're going to buy one, the Oxo, like almost all Oxo kitchen tools,  is among the best. But for the cost of an Oxo I can buy a crate of kitchen towels, and it doesn't take any more time to lay lettuce on a towel than it does to get out the spinner, rinse it, spin the lettuce, dry the spinner and put it away. Buy a dozen towels and just toss each one in the laundry after use.", 'Nice salad spinner.', "OK, it's just a salad spinner, but this one has a different design from the type of spinner that you crank around.  You push down on a large button and the basket spins rapidly.  The button pops back up; push down again to give the backet a longer ride.  The action takes less effort than the crank type, and the rapid spin speed casts off almost all the water on the vegetables.  Clever design, seems sturdy, works well.", 'You can live without a salad spinner but it is nice to have one.  This one does a nice job of drying off greens.  Also, greens stored in the spinnner in the fridge really do keep longer.  There is one caveat for those with small and/or crowed refridgerators - it takes up a fair amount of shelf space.  Like all Oxo products that I have experience with, it is well made.', 'I have tried many different spinners over the years and this by far has been the best one.  The plastic is a sturdy blend.  I have dropped this off the counter a few times and it has not cracked or broke in any way.  Works great and allows for rinsing the veggies/fruit/salad inside the bowl before spinning them dry.', "Before Hurricane Katrina, I owned both a large and small OXO GOOD GRIPS salad spinner. They are the easiest to use for arthritic hands. Just push down on the top, and it spins it's little heart out. And it has a button to put the brakes on!! I had used several types before these, but these are by far the best. I would recommend these to anyone. I am still trying to replace everything I lost a little at at time(19 months post-Katrina), and will soon be buying 2 brand new, mold-free, OXO salad spinners.", "I should have checked the size of this before ordering. It has capacity sufficient to spin enough salad for 2 or maybe 3 people; that's it. But in truth, that's all we need. And it certainly does a great job. Our lettuce came out absolutely dry, almost as if I'd hand dried each and every leaf.", "My previous salad spinner was from The Pampered Chef.  It was great, but the internal mechanism was plastic.  It began to break its teeth.  So, using Tim Ferriss' advice again, I purchased this.  It leaves the lettuce damp.  I think if it had a longer throw I could get more speed and so enhance the drying.", "I tend to keep kitchen tools until they keel over. My old salad spinner still does the job it was intended for however it has either lost its zing or I expect something better:  like crisp salad greens.  Enter the OXO Salad Spinner.  The good people at America's Test Kitchen rate it at the top of the spinner scale. This was the one reference that I needed.I have only used it a couple of times but am so happy with it, I found myself searching out more greens to clean and spin. I originally had given this style of spinner a pass because I could not visualize it working. I have changed my mind. Alton Brown recommends soaking salad greens in cold water and then giving them a good spin before wrapping them in paper towels for storage. While my greens rarely make it to the fridge for storage once they've been cleaned, I found that soaking the greens with the colander inside the bowl to be very effective. Once they have soaked for a few minutes, I removed the colander gizmo out and drained the bowl. Notably, there were the grit and other nasties in the bowl for me to dump. Then with a quick couple of pumps, I had crisp salad greens for lunch. Such a deal.", 'I may order the large size because I like the small one so much. Easy to use and clean. Enough for 2-3 good sized salads. As recommended, I store the washed greens in it and they keep twice as long as in a regular tupperware. My old salad spinner, c. 1980, has gone to Goodwill!', "This is a product that was clearly designed by someone who doesn't use a salad spinner...or maybe someone with really big hands.It's attractive and very sturdy, and the big push knob does lock in the down position easily. And it doesn't slip around when you are spinning it.BUT:- it's heavy and has no way to hold it one-handed, due to its large size and slippery material.- to spin a decent amount of water out, you have to push the knob fast and use a lot of force.- there is no spout, so you have to take the lid off, pour out water (and it takes both hands to hold the bowl so you need a place to set down the lid and to set down the strainer full of lettuce)Unfortunately I had already recycled the box before using this so I couldn't return it.  So, I donated it to a nonprofit thrift shop.  Maybe there is someone with huge, strong hands who can use it!", 'Veggie people will love this. It is sturdy, very easy to use, and more effective at drying lettuce, etc. than any spinner I have owned. The bonus is you can use it to store in the frig and it keeps salad beautifully. Highly recommend.', 'She has used it for (3) years.  No complaints from her lips to my ears.  I do not know what else to say about a salad spinner.', 'We eat a lot of greens so the way we wash  , dry it and store it is very important. This baby is doing all of it + you can even serve them in a bowl. Sturdy and esthetically pleasing for your eyes and touch is worth the money. We love it.', "Our 12 year old model just bit the dust; works like a champ the whole time; handles being tossed in the top rack of the dishwasher just fine.  The biggest advantage is one-handed operation; and it's fun too!  They say you can use the outer container as a serving dish, but after lots of use, you'll have circular scratches that nosy mothers-in-law might point out.", 'I bought this to replace my old OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner (OXO SoftWorks Salad Spinner) when the bowl shattered. OXO has made several updates to the salad spinner, making it better than ever!I like the new bowl: it is made of thicker, sturdier plastic. The wider, flat bottom makes the bowl very sturdy, and the new shape is easier to pick up. I also love the flat lid; it makes it a lot easier to stack foods in the fridge.The new lid design makes the whole thing easier to clean and dry.I like it so much, I plan to buy a second spinner to keep in the fridge, always filled with salad greens.', "I've had this for years now and use it about every other day. I put it in the dishwasher, it comes apart easily and goes back together just as easy. It is sturdy, it works well and when its life is over I want another one exactly like it. The other spinners I had broke and were hard to clean.", 'Bought the small version which is enough for a four serving salad.Worked well and let you enjoy fresh lettuce!Only con is that it is a bit fragile.', 'Glad I bought it. The water was the biggest drawback for me making salads. This does get rid of that problem.', "I like this spinner very much.  It's easy to pump.  It doesn't slide all over the counter.  There's a little button to stop the spinning.  My salad gets nice and dry, and then I can use bowl to serve it in.  Cleanup is easy.  I couldn't ask for anything more.", "My old salad spinners were cheap.  What a difference a few dollars make!  It does the job extremely well -- it's fast and effecient. This one is much easier to use.  I love the stop feature and the rubberized footing that keeps it stable on the counter.  Dishwasher safe and has a storage lid.  What more could you want.  I've found that the greens keep well in the spinner when you line the basket with paper towels.I enthusiasticly recommend this product to anyone who needs a salad spinner.", "OXO Good Grips  Salad SpinnerFirst off, I do love most Oxo products and on the one other occasion I had a problem with one of their products, Oxo replaced it, no questions asked.  I had purchased the Oxo Good Grips Salad spinner with the white top and basket at least 11 years ago and it worked fine until about a year ago; no complaint there.  About 2 months ago I purchased this clear Oxo salad spinner at BB&B; and it began to fall apart almost immediatley.  First time out, the inside round piece that is attached to the cover and provides the spinning action, fell off.  I was able to put it back on and so far it is still attached.  This morning the plunger popped off and up popped a spring. I was able to reattach it. Then the little lock that locks down the plunger popped off, also was able to reattach it and the spinner worked.  I gave it a 3 because I was able to reattach the parts and get it working again and it does the job well when parts aren't popping off.I actually thought I was purchasing the same model as my old one, white cover etc., which is now listed as a Soft Works product, which is a now a new line of Oxo.Note:  To those who think that it does not dry as well as the string operated salad spinners: you can get it to do a great job by putting your greens through one spin cycle and getting off much of the water.  Empty the water out of the spinner, add a paper towel and let it go through another spin cycle. I think I read this tip in one of the Amazon old reviews.", "I purchased this salad spinner because I moved, and no longer had a roommate to mooch from.  It's solidly constructed, and the brake feature is nice.  This lets you stop the spinning with the push of a button, instead of sticking your hand in or waiting it out.I have 2 main concerns about this product though:1. I wonder if the push down/gearing drive will last longer or shorter than the pull-string variety2. It was a bit pricey for a plastic salad spinner (1/2 an Xbox game pricey)Beyond that, now that I have it I'm enjoying it and use it whenever I make salads.", "There's not much to say beyond the picture.  it is not only great looking but it does the job VERY well of spinning out water from salad greens.  Great anti-skid rubber on the bottom.", "Really didn't realize what I was missing until I got one! This is especially helpful in making kale chips, it dries the greens more thoroughly before cooking them, which helps them crisp up more easiliy.", "This is one of the wisest purchases I've ever made.  It keeps lettuce crisp and fresh for weeks!!  The only draw-back is the space that it takes up in my fridge but I'm living with that.", 'I bought this salad spinner from Bed Bath & Beyond because it was cheaper. Got the "Small" size. It is big enough for 2 people, but takes relatively less space in the fridge.The quality of the product is super and it does the job well.I also use it when I blanch my greens before freezing. After taking the greens out of the ice water, just spin in the salad spinner for a few minutes to dry them and you\'re ready to freeze!', 'I love to eat large dinner salads at least three times a week. But cleaning leaf lettuce and spinach is a bore! And most greens really taste best when they are washed immediately before eating, not washed and stored in a big batch. I use the inner colander to rinse the leaves free of soil, and then have a blast centrifuging the leaves until they are just moist. It is a time and frustration saver for anyone who frequently prepares salad greens.', 'Never had a salad spinner before. This one is great.Never be without one again.', 'This spinner is the perfect size for either the single person or couple; it fills my needs and compact kitchen and does a pretty good job with drying my salads and veggie greens. The only downside is that for twenty dollars ($20+tax!!!) the plastic bowl feels rather flimsy and threatens to crack if not handled with care. I expected better quality from an Oxo product.', 'product is holding up well after tons of use. the spinner is easy to clean and also easy to store.', "I like salad spinners and have purchased several, giving away some. They always seem to work, not only rinsing away, cleaning out the natural (and perhaps unnatural) dirt and detritus as well as simply refreshing salad vegetables. Thus, I have to reluctantly recommend this particular item, unless you can find a better one!It is a high price for little more than a glorified cheap plastic salad bowl and colander from an engineer's perspective. For considerably more money, one can buy the putatively &#34;stainless steel&#34; version. But, the stainless steel is pretty much merely cosmetic; the interior spin workings seem the same wimpy plastic as in this bare-bones version.A little better than simply soaking your veggies in a colander inside a bowl of water and then shaking and patting dry with paper toweling. But for the $$$ ?", "There's a very good reason why this item has so many reviews and such a high rating - it works.", "I&#8217;ve been meaning to eat more salads for several reasons, but as much as I wanted to, it was such a hassle going through the washing, and drying process.  I'm not entirely confident in the &#34;pre-washed&#34; mixes.  In addition, if I had to store what I didn&#8217;t use, and it wasn&#8217;t thoroughly dried, the greens get soggy, so I was not accomplishing my goal of having more salads.  Then my mom asked me to get one of these things for her birthday, and after seeing it in action, I thought, &#8220;There&#8217;s the solution to my problems.&#8221;In spite of the fact that it&#8217;s made of plastic, it is BPA free, very well made and durable.  There is a non-slip surface on the bottom, so this thing won&#8217;t go slipping away from you while in action.  It works by pushing down on this large button/plunger on top of the unit, and that sets the inner bowl in motion, separating the water from the greens, which I think is preferable to the hand crank models.  This same mechanism can be locked down for easier storage.  It even comes with a braking button to slow down and stop the spinner.  Personally, I guess this is just for those who can&#8217;t wait the few extra seconds it takes for the spinner to come to a stop on its own.  It is roughly 10 inches across, and 6 inches high, so if you have enough space in your fridge, you can keep this in there to maintain crispness for a few days.  There is a smaller version available for those who think this may be a bit too big, or make small salads, but since my goal is to make BIG salads as a meal, and not as a side dish, I decided upon this one.MY BOTTOM LINE is: With all of these benefits, I feel you can&#8217;t go wrong this this salad spinner.", "I've avoided making salads for a long time because of the preparation time.  I had an older salad spinner, but it was the kind you had to turn, and cleaning it afterwards always seemed to take a long time.  This spinner is a huge improvement over any I've used before.You put the rinsed greens in the strainer, or rinse them after they're in, and then put the strainer in the bowl.  One easy push and it spins on its own and it does not move around at all on the counter.  I have found that it takes a couple spins to dry them the way I like, but while the greens are spinning, you can be chopping up other salad ingredients.Even better, you can lock the handle in the &quot;down&quot; position and use this spinner to store the unused greens in the fridge; no separate &quot;lettuce saver&quot; is needed.  I've had leaf lettuce in mine for several days, and it is still crisp and fresh.  Since buying this remarkable spinner, I've had salad every night.  And enjoyed every minute of it, preparation included!If you love salads but hate the prep, get this.  You will wonder how you ever got along without it.", 'This is the best designed salad spinner I\'ve ever used.  Here\'s why:  1)The inner bowl spin drys any lettuce/veggie contents perfectly. 2)Push the top black knob, bowl spins w/little effort, for the perfect amt. of time.  3)The side black button can also be used to stop the spinning at any time. 4)The product is designed to stick to the counter while in use.There are two sizes of this spinner, the regular size & a second size called a "Mini Greens & Herb Spinner." Buy the standard size, OXO 32480, as it is generously sized to dry a large or small amt. of salad/herbs/berries, but won\'t take up anymore cabinet space than ur current spinner. It can also dry smaller amts of herbs. I found the "Mini Greens & Herb Spinner" size a little too small for everyday use, & I\'m making salad for just two people, my husband & I.The standard size OXO spinner is perfectly designed, does a fantastic job & will last forever.  It is also highly recommended by "Cooks Illustrated Magazine" & won the top prize in their review of salad spinners (and they\'re tough critics).', "There's a newer version out now that looks a bit prettier, but this baby works great.  I wouldn't eat salad or herbs that haven't been washed by me, and this is the easiest way to wash and dry the greens.  I bought this as a gift for my mom, and she loves it too.", 'Easy to wash salad in, and then it dries it (fast!) to a perfect condition - ready to eat, not to slurp. How did I live without it?!', "It does what I bought it to do. One small problem...I have a some arthritis in my fingers so I have trouble when I take the lid apart to clean it.  This is not something I have to do often.  The tabs you need to press to slide the lid open are just to far apart for me.Aside from my physical difficulty with the lid, this is a nice spinner.  It gets my garden greens dried quickly and I really like that.  As others have said, it's attractive.  So, If it ends up sitting out on my prep counter for a couple of days, that's fine.", "I bought this because it came in as the top spinner on one of those cooking sites. Although I like it a lot, it does tend to bounce around on the countertop (I have granite so maybe that's the reason). From the previous testing, I expected it to stay put better. Also, I honestly don't think it gets my greens as dry as my old hand-crank spinner. But it's larger than what I had so it's a keeper. I just have to spin more and then lay the greens on a paper towel for a bit.", "We used to buy those bags of pre washed lettuce in the grocery store and they would spoil so quickly and were not great.  I bought this so we could buy fresh lettuce instead and it has impressed me.  It is super easy to use- the handle pops up and you just press it down to spin and there's a &#34;brake&#34; too to stop it.  Lettuce stays fresh for days- we store the leftover lettuce in it in the fridge and it's amazing.  Fun for the kids to help spin the salad too.  Overall, I highly recommend this product if you like your lettuce clean and fresh!", "I love salad, especially green salad. These days you cannot be too careful with the lettuce you purchase at the store. E-coli or salmonella seem to be a common concern.First of all you wan clean lettuce. You use this bowl, take lettuce leaves apart in bite size pieces, fill with water, insert lettuce, don't crowd, swish round and then empty. If there is grit in the bottom, wash lettuce again. Then insert into spinner. You need at least three or four complete turns. Empty water, and then spin again to make sure all the waters gone. A good green salad uses only dry lettuce.Use three or four different lettuces for your salad. Clean them all. Make a large bunch, and then save some for the rest of the week. Wrap the greens in paper twel and place in a reveal able plastic bag. The lettuce will stay god for three or four days.Use a nice balsamic homemade dressing or use lemon, salt and pepper. Delicious!Recommended. prisrob 06-10-13", "It works ok. Do not expect curly lettuce or arugula to be completely dry.  Mostly, though, it's just ugly as hell.  And that's when it's new and clean.  i can only imagine what this will look like after a couple of months of use.  Spend the extra money and get the metallic one!", 'I thought the salad would get more dry  than it does.  It spins really fast, but I usually spin, stop and shake, and spin again 2 times.  Then paper towel to final dry.  But only one paper towel is needed for the final dry.As I have read in other reviews, I can see how you can break the plastic top if plunge down on the spinner button without smooth pushing.  Like, punching down on the button might crack it.', "The Large size OXO Good Grips Salad Spinner seems to be well made. The gauge of plastic used is heavier than most other models, and the rubber-edged bottom keeps the spinner from sliding around. Easy to clean, and the cover can be disassembled for cleaning as well. Like anything mechanical made of plastic, caution and common sense are in order here: It will last longer if one doesn't press too hard or too quickly on the pump; a few more seconds of patience will put less stress on the mechanism, and keep it functioning longer.", "This is the best salad spinner I've ever used.  I use this item every day or two and am amazed at how great it works and how much water it eliminates from my salad greens.  I highly recommend this item.  Pat Smith", 'This is the best thing since fresh oven baked bread for my sprouting endevours.  I love it.  I use the Easy Sprouter to start my seeds...usually the "salad varieties" such as alfalfa, radish, etc.  Looking forward to trying larger seeds next.  After a few days I put my sprouts in the outside bowl of the spinner, fill it with very cool water and swish the sprouts around to break up the clumps of roots.  All the hulls float to the top where I can easily get rid of them.  Next I dump the sprouts into the inside slotted bowl, let all the water run out, put the slotted bowl in the main bowl, push the plunger down a few times to spin them, drain excess water off, and leave the sprouts in the bowl.  I usually take a reg table knife and put it between the lid and the bowl on one side so there\'s fresh air circulating inside.  I leave this on the counter and rinse twice a day for two or three more days and then put in the frig.  Sprouts keeps perfectly for days in the spinner while I start the next batch in my Easy Sprouter.', 'Works well, good quality, I can use the bottom as a serving bowl.  A bit too small for our five member family.  Wish it came with a lid to take on potlucks.', 'This works and is a neat color, but doesn\'t get the salad as dry as my old spinner (it had a hand crank spinning arm and was from World Market, but the bowl broke). It doesn\'t spin as fast as I would like, but the little "brake" button is nice.', "Much bigger than I realized.  If you have limited storage space consider a smaller model.  I'd probably have picked a collapsible model if i had another chance.  Otherwise it is great.", "I love this salad spinner.  It works great, is low profile and easy to store and it looks fine in the kitchen.  I was using a Pampered Chef salad spinner that cost almost 3x the money and it wasn't nearly as easy to use.  This spinner is wonderful.  We eat fresh salad every day and couldn't live without a salad spinner.", "First off, this is a well made unit. It is robust, has a non-skid bottom, is easy to clean, and does a good job drying produce.Why don't I like it? The noise! Banging the drive-button is noisy. I'd trade it for a well made gear driven unit any day.This might be a 5 Star unit for someone who doesn't mind the noise.", 'If you want to get a bit fancy with your salad spinning, this is the one to buy.  Not only can you spin the lettuce and remove all the water, you can use the bowl to serve a salad or store lettuce in the inner bowl.It is so easy to use. You release the lock mechanism at the top and press down. The inner basket starts to spin, removing most of the water from the lettuce.  I love the fact that you can rinse the lettuce in the removable inner basket.You really win with this one.  Wash, spin, store...so much less to wash and it is never boring.  It is quite large so you do need a big space to store it in the refrigerator, unless you have a big refrigerator, then it is no problem.If you have memories of trying to swing lettuce around in a kitchen towel, or have tried to use paper towels while they are falling apart all over the lettuce, you must try spinning in this great salad spinner. Once you have spun the lettuce you can remove the inner bowl and dump out the water.~The Rebecca Review', "This is the best salad spinner I've used. It really does get rid of excess water and it's easy to clean. Wish I'd found it sooner!", 'This salad spinner is quite a bit more costly thanother cheaper ones, but worth every penny!Very good quality, solid and spins like a charm.Bought it a year ago and it gets tons of use fromme and my 3 roomies! Even has a brake...:-)You get what you pay for as they say!', "The first one of these we got broke in a couple months.  The replacement we got has held on a bit longer but it's going to break also.  There's a small plastic piece that's part of the drive mechanism which will not withstand more than a thousand or so pumps on the plunger.If you can live with the lack of durability then it's a decent herb spinner.  Not really better than any other one, but it does it's job.", '( without which there is none)you tried the alternatives? My 40 year old French essoreuse (salad spinner) died last year, lasted exactly one month without a replacement. Spinning in a towel around my head, are you kidding me? Wet!  Laying on a towel and pressing with another one? Not washing even bagged salad ???? Really! Oxo always seems to make the best kitchen tools. They did it again.', 'I have avoided salad spinners for years because of past disappointments. But when the guys on Americas Test Kitchen made this one their first choice I decided to try again. Not sorry.', 'We had the old version of this spinner and it finally broke. Ordered this one to replace it and it was immediately clear this newer model was of superior build quality and durability. I think this one will last much longer.', 'If you eat any greens, this salad spinner is a must have. It can fit a lot, is durable, good for storing washed lettuce, and easy to clean. I have had this salad spinner for a year now and have had no problems and bought one for my mother to use as well. I used to just wash and dry greens myself, which is time consuming and I could never get my greens dry enough, which kind of ruins the salad. This salad spinner makes preparing a salad so fast and really makes your greens so dry! This is such a great product and I can not say enough good things about it!! Buy it!', 'Great salad spinner that is easy to use, clean and store. I would recommend one for every kitchen I use it all the time.', "This product was disappointing.  It is a bit difficult to get the lid off and when I used it, it didn't do much to dry the salad.  I'm confused as to why it has gotten so many good reviews.", "Oxo Good Grips Salad SpinnerThe problem with this Oxo spinner is that it doeesn't spin fast enough, failing to remove enough water from lettuce leaves. Also, it's so light-weight that it needs to be held down to keep from bouncing around. For years I had excellent results with a Zyliss spinner with a pull-cord, but it finally gave out, and I can't seem to find that model any more.", "You won't be disappointed.  The bowl is very large and will accomodate a hefty amount of greens.", 'I buy salad that comes in bags..I always washed it first and tried many ways to get it dry.  but it never dried enough so it would wilt and get ucky within 1 day. We eat a salad everyday..so it was getting expensive throwing away all that lettuce.With my Oxo Salad Spinner it gets so dry it can last up to 3 days!!!  I LOVE this kitchen tool!  And it is rather pretty!', "I have never used a salad spinner before this one and never understood what was so special about them until recently. It just seemed like another lazy persons contraption, but then again I was buying bagged salad. Before using this I would only attempt to make a salad when I wanted to eat it immediately because it would spoil quickly in a regular bowl when kept in the fridge. The spinner not only removes a lot of water(enough you actually have to pour it out!)if you keep the salad in the colander part inside the bowl, the salad doesnt sit in its own moisture and go bad as quickly. So now I'm not only saving money on buying unprepared salad fixings, but also not creating as much waste in packaging and food. Another lazy persons contraption eh?...I think not!", 'Received this product as a wedding gift.  Somewhat perplexed at the time.  Wish I could track down the person who gave it to us and thank him/her, because this thing is now 13 years old and still works like a charm.  Simple, easy to use.  We grow most of our own leafy greens, and this thing makes it even more rewarding than it would otherwise be.  Highly recommended.', 'This OXO salad spinner is really wonderful.  It allows me to easily dry lettuce, berries, or any other type of produce.The press pump feature far surpasses spinners that require you to yank or rotate to get traction to spin.  The hard bowl ensures your salad spinners will not change shape while drying over dishes, thus not working until reshaped.  I really think OXO fit the nail on the head with this one.  The pump can even be stored in the down position to serve as a storage vessel for your greens!', 'This replaced a pretty lame hand spinner and we are pleased. It is larger, more solid, and much easier to operate. It has a central hand button that you press repeatedly.  Very nice.', "I wouldn't prepare a salad without my salad spinner. Placing a paper towel in with the greens helps dry them faster, too.Recently I found a new use for the basket and bowl. They work great for rinsing and sorting dried peas or beans. Put them in the basket, fill the bowl with water, swish and sort, then lift out the basket to drain, and rinse the 'dirty' bowl under running water. Do this a few times and your dried veggies are ready to cook or soak. You can let them soak in the bowl if you wish. This beats my old way of washing dried peas or beans in a heavy bowl or pot.", "Firstly this is bigger than you think so measure it out before you order and check you have space to store it. Its very fun to use and I find I do need the capacity, the small one would be too small. I use it for lettuce and spinach. I stop it mid spin, jostle and spin again or I find it doesn't quite dry everything. The lid is in two parts for some reason which makes this a bit bulker on the draining board than needs be. Bought one for my FIL as he found it so fun to use.", 'I had an old salad spinner that finally died so my husband picked up a cheapy at Walmart. Big mistake. It had a cord that frayed and broke after only six months. I bought this one on Amazon and am very happy with it. The large size is perfect for use when entertaining and the push plunger mechanism is solid, with no cord to fray and snap! I have a feeling this salad spinner will be around for years and years.', "This is just yet another well thought-out product from OXO. It does exactly what it sets out to do - spin your greens - with suitable competence and a minimum of drama. It stays put pretty well in use and is entirely ambidextrous. If you can mash a big button straight down, you can use this.I've had one for four or five years, and am replacing it only because after all those salads, the push mechanism seems to finally be wearing out. For the price vs number of uses, I can't complain. The bowl has been through the dishwasher many times.  Likewise the basket - if you use the heated dry, it may come out a bit oval, but I'd always been able to bend it back while still warm.  No complaint there - lots of plastic things get soft in the dishwasher.  The basket just seems to suffer more because it's larger than any other of my plastic items. If it can go through the wash sitting flat on the rack, rather than tilted, it seems to be entirely unaffected.As others have noted, the spinner is a bit large, but it does double-duty as a serving bowl.  If you're really cramped for space, or don't need to be able to wash and dry a whole head of lettuce, have a look at the mini version of this.", "This OXO mini salad and herb spinner seems to be holding up the one I bought 6 months ago hadit's spring break after 5 uses. Cannot understand what's up with these mini salad spinners...the one I've been trying to replace lasted 20 years and the only reason I gave it away was because as my family is grown and I'm only spinning lettuce for one person at a timeI figured this would take up less room in the kitchen. BIG MISTAKE as the newer one seem to havea very fragile mechanism.", "Washing and adequately drying the greens for a salad has always been a pain.  My daughter has one of these and they have salad every night.  It greatly reduces the time needed to prepare a salad with cleaning of the greens.  I love it and love using it.  I highly recommend this!  It is big and cumbersome but luckily I have 3 refrigerators so I can usually find room for it if I want to save some of the greens that I've cleaned and didn't have room for in the salad bowl.  I can use it for the next meal.", 'I read some other reviews that this does not get the lettuce super dry.  I agree that it does not completely dry the lettuce, but it works well enough that the dressing can still stick.', "We had been buying the bagged greens, but with the e coli scare we decided no more of that.  My sister recommended the Oxo salad spinner.  It is very easy to use, the spin mechanism works like an old-fashioned children's top. Just pump it, and away it goes.  I pump it a few times, dump out the excess water that drains from the leaves, wipe down the bowl, put on the storage lid, and the lettuce stays fresh and incredibly crisp for a week.  Excellent product.Update:  February 2010I am still using the salad spinner on a regular basis.  Obviously, it's proven to be very durable, and a good investment.", 'Gets my greens nice and dry so I can put them in the fridge without them wilting! Great for salad prep!! Difficult to keep the large bowl clean without water spots though!', 'Have owned it for about 6 months. Used it countless times. Spins beautifully, works perfectly. I can now take my salads to work for lunch without getting them soggy by the time I eat them. To have it function better, place it on a flat surface before spinning it. The larger bowl can be used for other purposes in the kitchen and so can be the sieve.', 'we already have the larger one at our house, and bought the smaller one for the apartment.  both are fantastic!', 'You need this if you every make salads. The quality is great and it works perfectly', 'We received this as a gift.  It is great.  We have had the same one for about five years now, and it is always in use.  We run it through the dishwasher and still holds up great. We would recommend it as a great gift.  Hopefully the quality is still as good as it was when we got ours.', "Use one of these daily for five years or so and you might have to replace it. And you will. There's no better spinner.", "Based on the video demonstration and other reviews, I thought the OXO Good Grips Green Salad Spinner would be a time, paper towel, and dish towel-saver.  Not so fast.  Well, actually, it does spin very fast, and you will have some water in the bottom after rinsing salad greens.  But the greens are still too wet for salad use.  With my old roll-them-in-a-towel method, the clean-up is easy and there is only one step.  At least now when I roll my spinach in towels I will no longer wonder if I would be better off with a spinner.  I'm returning it.", "I purchased this a few years back (not from amazon) and loved it. It was big enough to wash a whole green leaf lettuce, spinned nicely, and removed most of the water. However, the lid was accidentally dropped on  the kitchen tile floor and a part on the bottom cracked. From then on it was trouble. The button would push down but not come back up and start the spinning. I tried unsuccessfully to keep using it but it was more effort than it was worth.So... yes I would recommend it, but NEVER drop the plastic lid, as it's the hard type of plastic and will crack on a hard surface. The transparency of the base was really nice to see how much water had been spun out. The rubberized top button was great too. My slippery formica countertop is not so nice when things skate off onto the floor.", 'After using a cheap salad spinner that banged up my knuckles every time I used it, the OXO is like coming out of the stone age into the 21st century. I like that the basket sits in a container rather than having to put it in the sink so the water will have someplace to go. It spins smoothly and easily. You need to get one.', "Great salad/herb spinner. To me, this is the perfect size for a nice large salad, enough to serve up to 4 people. Big plus is that it is small enough to make it easy to store, doesn't take up half my cabinet shelf.", "Don't wait! Grab it now! This is truly the very best spinner on the market!", "Just the right size for my needs.  Doesn't take up a lot of space in the refrigerator.  Very easy to use, very easy to clean.  Have recommended this product to several people.", "This is such a good looking salad spinner i would like to display it somewhere in my kitchen.  It works beautifully and fulfills my every salad spinning need.  Some people think it's expensive, but it seems worth every penny to me.", 'This was a big hit with one of my daughters for Christmas. It was by special request and now she would not be without the spinner.', "I love the OXO salad spinner.  It was recommended by Cook's Country as the best one so that is why I picked this brand.", "I'm going to be eating a lot healthier after getting this great tool, I'll tell you that. I like salads, but my wife and I usually do not make them because of the length of time that it takes to prepare them and clean up, and besides the lettuce usually goes bad within a couple of days. Not so with the Oxo salad spinner. Suddenly, mixing salads has become a piece of cake, with the water going to the bottom.  It keeps lettuce dry and crisp in the refrigerator. In short, it makes salads worth the trouble again. One salad can last us pretty much all week, depending on the ingredients. I only wish it was a little bit cheaper, but that's only because I'm a cheapskate. I'd avoid other brands, which have spotty durability records.(Oh, and we put ours in the dishwasher, top rack, without any trouble).", 'I got the big one so I can spin an entire head of lettuce.  It dries it very well.  I then put the lettuce in a ziploc and use it as needed for sandwiches, etc.  The top handle locks down for storage helping some with space as this one is pretty big. Love it.', "My old one from OXO worked perfectly for years.  It was beat up and the basket had partly melted on a hot pan, so we were replacing it.  This one falls apart and when we put it back together, it doesn't always spin right.  It looks nice, but doesn't work like the good and oldie!  Too bad.", 'or couples w/o children.  It makes just enough salad for 2, the ergonomics are perfect with a push spinner rather than the ridiculous lawn mower starts that were the norm pre OXO', 'This salad spinner is one of the easiest to use.  It holds a lot and really spin dries not only lettuce but pastas as well.', 'This is a great salad spinner, I especially love that I can leave the fresh salad greens in the spinner, and put in refrigerator.', 'Just the right size for a salad for two. Very easy to use and like that I can save any left over in it. Received in a timely manner.***Update 2/27/12Was only able to use it once, when I tried to use it a second time the top mechanism broke. I called OXO and they told me they would send me a replacement top, that I would receive it in 10 working days. Today I received it, but it was the wrong top, too small and different color. I would not had mined the different color if it would fit. Suffice to say I am very disappointed, feel as if I bought a very expensive bowl with no cover. Have not decided if I will call the company again. If I do I will update.***Update 3/8/12Called OXO back and they were very apologetic and they Federal Expressed me a new top that works flawlessly. I am so happy to have a working salad spinner and that OXO did not disappoint me because I love their products. To be honest I was pleasantly surprised with their customer service.', 'My wife loves it. I was skeptical but i am now a believer. It is gross to see all the crappy water that comes off after spinning!', "This review is from: Shany Cosmetics Feather Hair Extension Kit, 8 Ounce (100 Piece Feather Hair, Hook, Beads, Feather Grizzly Solid Mix All-In-One) (Misc.)The salad spinner works great, is attractive and has great action. The lettuce is dry after spinning it. What more could you want?I have had about three or four previous salad spinners that cost 1/3 as much and they worked well also and were much lighter and easier to store. It's for this reason I give it only four stars because I think the cheaper ones do just as good a job and are easier to handle.Nevertheless, it is a fine spinner.", "Ever bought lettuce or spinach and, after 3 days in the fridge, find that it's turning to a slimy mess?  Got concerns about E. coli and other bacteria on your leafy greens?If you eat salads, you NEED a salad spinner.  And after trying several, I'm here to tell you this is the one you want.1)  Put your veggies in the bowl.  Pour a cup of white vinegar over it, and fill with cold water.  Agitate it with your (clean, recently washed) hands and let it sit for a few minutes.2)  Lift the basket out and pour out the vinegar / water.  Fill again with cold water and agitate by hand.3)  Lift the basket and pour out the water, then spin, spin spin.4)  Pour out the water and wipe the remaining droplets with a paper towel.5)  Put the basket back in, lock the spinner down, and store in the fridge.Lettuce and spinach lasts twice as long using this method than just storing in the fridge.Cheers!", 'This salad spinner does an awesome job dehulling home grown sprouts. I seems to be well built and is easy to clean.', "hmm Im not getting the salad drying efficiency that everyone else is claiming.  I had a generic cord one for years, and one rip on the cord and it spun fast and got all the liquid off.  This one I sit there pressing the button repeatedly and some liquid comes off.  I guess it's better than nothing.  It looks like it's working properly.  It spins fast.  It just doesn't seem to dry as well.  Maybe im picky I dunno.", "Great product, works just as advertised. EVen did a great, gentle, job with Berries. Was given to me as gift, when I was in a tiny apartment. I had no cabinet space so it became a, decorative piece above my fridge when not in use. But that is not OXO's fault. I really enjoy this product.", 'Had mine for several years and it does the job. It is easy to disassemble and clean which is a big plus.', 'They thought of EVERYTHING when they designed this salad spinner. I got the little one and it is just right for spinning lettuce for 2 and then storing the remainder in the spinner.  It definitely causes the lettuce to last longer!  :-)  AAAA for this product!!', "This spinner is easy to use and compact. I purchased it to replace a larger, bulkier spinner I had. I'm very pleased with the performance and ease of use. If you need a spinner, this is a good one. But if you're going to do a large amount of greens, you may want a bigger version.", "This thing is so awesome! I thought I would just use it occasionally but I use it to spin basically every fruit and vegetable that I wash in my kitchen. It doesn't get them 100% dry like it does with lettuce and other greens but it does a much better job than a colander for blueberries and grapes and similar items.", 'This salad spinner is very well made. The bowl is large and also doubles as a serving bowl. Very happy with this purchase.', "The product works great, and looks fun too.  It's exactly what I've come to expect from the OXO line. You won't be disappointed.", 'Does exactly what it is supposed to do. It is so nice to have dry salad greens instead of soggy soup. Definitely recommend this product. Well made and useful, especially for gardeners with lots of salad greens to clean and enjoy.', "Used my daughter's salad spinner when I was visiting at Christmas.  They work great to get the water off the Romaine, instead of draining & drying with paper towels.  I then used the bowl to make the salad.  Very handy thing to have & helps making a salad to not be such a long process.", "I held out against the salad spinner for a long time.  I told myself I didn't need it and wouldn't use it, but it kept winking at me, and the customer reviews convinced me that I really would love having it.  Well, I do love it, and I use it a lot!  It's not just for salad greens, but for anything you want to dry quickly.  It's sleekly designed with only three easy-to-clean pieces.  One quick plunge keeps the bowl spinning for quite a long time, but one touch to the button on the side stops it cold.  This week alone I've drained cabbage for slaw, grape tomatoes and cooked shrimp for a salad.  None of the food was damaged, and all of it was well-dried enough that I didn't have to worry about my dressing getting watered down.  It does what it promises to do and does it well, with a minimum of fuss.  That is, to my way of thinking, the mark of a great piece of equipment.", 'Simply put, the Oxo salad spinner receives such stellar reviews because it is an extremely well designed product, that operates on a simple principle, and works fantastically well.  Given a choice, almost everyone would prefer fresh, clean vegetables and fruit.  However, washing them usually leaves you with the problem of excess water, and that is where the Oxo comes in.The spinner has three components, the bowl, the basket, and the lid.  Put your vegetables, fruit, or whatever you want to drain off excess liquids from, in the basket.  Place the basket in the bowl, resting on the center pin at the bottom of the bowl.  Release the spring loaded handle, and then while holding down the lid, push down on the handle a few times.  The centrifugal force generated from spinning the contents in the basket, draws liquid and small debris to the outer walls of the bowl.  What remains in the basket is relatively dry, and excess water and debris can be discarded.The bowl is made of extra hard plastic, that is shaped so that it is difficult to tip over, even when the basket is spinning at high speed.  The rubber on the bottom of the bowl provides traction, and helps keep the bowl from spinning, or tipping over, while you are pumping.  There is very little friction between the spinning basket, and the bowl and lid, and it is quite remarkable how long the basket will keep spinning if you just let it spin.  There is a button on the top of the lid that acts as a brake, and will slow and stop the basket.  To maintain a minimum profile, there is a sliding lever that locks down the spring loaded handle into the lid.  Although holding the lid down is recommended, even when spinning at high speed, the lid seems to stay in place pretty securely.  It is kind of hard to see the mechanism inside the lid, but hopefully any metal parts are corrosion resistant, as these would probably be the only things that might normally fail.The Oxo spinner is a little pricey, and takes up some space, but with a near perfect design, it is highly recommended if you enjoy serving a terrific salad.  It appears to be made of high quality materials, that should provide excellent results for a very long time, and is available in a variety of colors and sizes.  If you get one, the odds are very high that you will love it.  Bon appetite!', 'I eat a lot of salad so this is used a lot.  The pump and break are a must if you plan to use one a lot.  We have a hand crank one at work and it gets stuck all the time.  Well worth the extra money.', "This is my first salad spinner so take this review as such.  I really don't have any previous models to base it on.  So I will post the benefits and problems I have noticed but can not gauge for you if another is a better buy.First off is the size of the salad spinner.  It is pretty big so make sure you have a place to store it because it will take up a lot of room.  I wouldn't trust storing anything inside the spinner because the basket is plastic and I would think it would become warped and than useless.  As long as you have the storage room the size is great.  I have used it for drying off salad greens, and drying off fresh cut potato fries, potato pancakes and homemade chips so I have challenged its capacity and it works great.  The next part is the button lock.  There is a lock for the button to help protect the button and keep it out of your way when storing.  That lock works great and is easy to operate.  I have no complaints on the lock so we must move on to the button itself.  The spin action is achieved by pressing the big green button down a few times in a fast up and down motion.  It reaches a top speed and seems to only be able to go so fast before you start interrupting its momentum when pressing it beyond that point.  Once the spinner is going there seems to be some movement of the whole unit on my all wood counter.  It is nothing extreme but I call for caution when using on a slick surface because while on wood it likes to nudge around like a top ever so slightly.  I could see it sliding right off a marble top counter without a towel underneath it.  The next function is the break to stop the spinner.  And when I say stop I mean slow down slowly.  The break does not impress me that much.  I under stand you wouldn't want an instant stop so you can protect the items in the basket and the basket itself, but I have just let it spin itself down because when preparing dinner.  I do not want to wait 20 seconds holding a button down when the spinner would only take 40 seconds to stop on its own.  The product works fine over all and the only part I truly worry about breaking is the basket.  I am going to baby that basket because like I mentioned before any warps could prove bad for the spinner.  So far the item has worked like a champ and since december 17th 2012 I have used this product 13 times.  The product has yet show signs of age but its only one month in Jan 12 2013 and I will update over time to report and damages that happen with regular use.", "After several years of looking at these and thinking do I really need one I can now say YES I really do.  I was sure it was just one of those items that I would hardly use but I find different uses for it all the time.  With the pumping mechanism as opposed to pulling a string this is much better you don't have the bowl skidding off on you.  Not to mention it's so easy my husband actually can use it and although the man can operate a power tool really well ...kitchen gadgets are usually a whole different animal.  I would definitely recommend this product.", "LOVE this salad spinner.  It sits out on the counter, as I use it so often.  I got so tired of wasting money on the prepackaged salads, because it would go bad shortly after opening the package.  So I buy bulk in all the salad greens, make enough salad to fill this container and then bag it myself.  The salad lasts MUCH longer!!  Absolutely no regrets in getting this easy salad spinner, large enough to fill a gallon size storage bag, easy to spin....just push down several times, and it gets rid of the moisture.  Another plus is that it's easy to clean.", "This is one heck of a spinner! I've darn near gotten up to centrafuge speeds with just a few easy pumps. Great for drying off all kinds of fruits and vegetables. What I use it for most is drying potato slices before making french fries. This spinner dries them better than any other method I've tried.One bit of advice: Just because the bowl is so big, don't take that as an invitation to fill it. I've found that most people who've had bad experiences with salad spinners overloaded the spinner.Like all Oxo products, this spinner is designed to be easy to operate even if you have weak or frail hands. If you have any problems gripping things in your kitchen, I strongly suggest looking over the full line of Oxo products. The oversized handles (in this case, the part you press down rather than grip) are a godsend. Don't let hand problems keep you out of your kitchen!", "Salad spinners are one of the most used kitchen utensils that we have.  This one is well built with hard plastic top and basin. The spinner's gearing works well and has a smooth operation", "this thing is large, so plan on eating  alot of lettuce.  It's great, works well, and spins fast.  The bottom bowl doesn't have holes in it so make sure you don't rinse the lettuce in both of them and then expect to spin it dry.  We used to do that with our last spinner.  We also did rinse lettuce one time and filled up bottom bowl with water, minor inconvience that we weren't used to.  We have changed the way we spin lettuce rinsing in the green strainer part then shaking that a couple of times in the sink and then on the salad spinner.  The kids love to push this handle down.  It's firm and strong.  Worth the money to my wife.  $30 bucks to spin lettuce, not worth it to me.  The old one still worked.", "We've been using this quite a bit lately, and I have to say it is incredibly handy for all sorts of greens and herbs. Simple, well made, and easy to use. What more can you ask for?", 'My old salad spinner from France (circa 1979) had a handle for manually spinning the inner bowl; thus I could crank it up as fast as I wanted in order to get the greens really dry. Unfortunately, the handle broke and for the past year, I\'ve been trying to manually shake off the water from the salad greens in a strainer followed by patting the greens dry with paper towels---very ineffective and very frustrating.Looked at several salad spinners, but settled on the Oxo because my previous experience with their products left me with a good impression of their products\' consistent quality and excellent design.Using the spinner is pretty straight forward: use the inner basket to rinse the greens, then place it into the outer bowl; place the lid on top, release the lock to free the plunger, then give it sharp downward press to spin to the inner basket. My personal experience is that it\'s difficult to get several good pumps in rapid sequence to rotate the basket fast enough to thoroughly dry the salad greens. Instead of sprint-like speed of rotation, its a spin is more akin to a steady marathon pace. Even letting the basket spin to a stop, then respinning doesn\'t necessarily get the job done, but it\'s better than manually shaking the greens in a strainer as I previously described.Never-the-less, the materials of this spinner gets high marks and the plunger can be pushed down and locked in place to reduce its overall height for storage, but its overall bulk still requires a bit of storage space. All-in all, its a good value, because I still prefer to wash my  salad green even though many of the packaged greens claim theirs is "prewashed." I\'ve also found that  soaking the greens in cold water 10-15 minutes before thoroughly rinsing and spin-drying before storing in the refrigerator will give salads a more satisfying crispness.', "I love drying my lettuce in this Gadget, I have been saving in Paper Towels since I got it, the OXO Salad Spinner, the Large one makes salads so much easier and faster. I did not care for all the washing and cutting involved making a salad I never bought the pre-packages of mix greens, didn't care for them, so now I have no more excuses to eat salads. This Gadget is so simple to operate and it is kind of Fun, I think I'm gonna start spinning for Health again!... Check Pictures Posted, Thank You", 'My greatest "pet peeve" when preparing salads is WET soggy lettuce.  A couple of spins of my OXO Good Grips salad spinner has removed this nuisance from my life.  So much water is removed with this nifty gadget, that I\'m able to put the cleaned (dry!) lettuce into a crisper, where it keeps for several days without moisture to bring it to an early decay.If it seems like one of those kitchen gadgets you\'d marvel over and then place in a cabinet, never to be seen again.. it\'d not.  If you do enjoy fresh salads, greens or herbs, I promise you will use this tool frequently.  I\'ve found it very helpful when cooking with herbs, as I\'m able to "spin" more of the water from them after washing (there is a separate "herb spinner", but I found it difficult to justify adding more items to my over-stuffed kitchen).Before buying, I compared models carefully, and even today, this still seems to offer the most "bang" for the buck.  Buy; you won\'t be sorry.', "Pros:- Large capacity- Effective for spinning saladCons:- Big, for obvious reasonsIt's big! But then again, it's big.  Still a keeper, though!", "This salad spinner is a clear winner! Just a few spins removes the water from your salad greens using centrifugal force. It spins the greens so dry that I don't even bother blotting them with paper towels. I purchased the large clear model and use it to store my greens after spinning the salad greens and pouring out the water. This is definitely a practical, worthwhile purchase.", 'i like that it has a push button versus the turn crank. works really well. and i also like that it sets into a bowl-like container so that you can do it on the counter and not have it drip out the bottom (the way my last cheap one was, you had to do it in the sink).', "Started getting my veggies from the farmer's market.  This device not only leaves the leafy greens clean, it's fun!", "I have owned this apple slicer and corer for about four years. It's currently cracking on a few sided and I will have to buy another one. This worked for the short time but long term I would get an all metal apples slicer and corer. My I make apple slices for my husband in his lunch and give them to my son at snack time. So mine get's used on a daily basis for one of them. For the most part this apple corer worked great while it lasted.", 'It is very sturdy and the blades are sharp. I used to have an all-metal one (not OXO), but it would bend when I pushed down on it. The OXO slices through the apple quickly and easily, and the rubber grips are easy on the hands.', "I was expecting more from Oxo.  This isn't any easier to handle than the plainer, cheaper apple corer/dividers that have been around forever.  They really didn't build a better mousetrap.  I was also hoping the blades might be a bit sharper, but they're not.", "I love OXO. I thought they could do no wrong. But this apple corer/divider was a waste of money. We had an old stainless steel one without the  handles, so I thought this one would work better. It does not work any better at all! The apple gets stuck in it, and it's a pain to clean.", "I am tickled pink with this apple corer! We lost the old one (same model) in a house move, and I replaced it with a cheap one from the supermarket. It was so bad that my infinitely patient husband who never in 13 years has complained about a gadget asked me to get a better one! It was that bad.  I got the OXO now, and it's a pleasure to use.  Be cautious though, those blades are actually very sharp on the bottom side. Excellent!", "You may have recalled a previous apple slicer review of mine.  I enjoy them so much I can't help but review another one.  It's just a lot of fun taking an apple and slicing it into eight handy and adorable little slices.  Whether you use green apples, red apples, Granny Smith, whatever.  This slicer will deliciously make eating apples exciting.  If you're a child you can even enjoy eating healthy foods by using this product.  The apple will taste better, believe me.  You won't have to mess around with no silly core.  Just don't go around shopping online without your parents permission.", 'Sometimes things just work and this does just that.  Use it and throw it in the dishwasher.  Great for making apple cake', "I used both and I much preferred theZyliss Apple Divider.  It just seemed to feel better in the hand and to do the cutting motion smoothly and without any hesitation whatsoever.  I was perfectly happy with the OXO, but now that I've tried both I much prefer the Zyliss.  At the time of this writing, it's slightly less expensive, as well.", "This is a nice little tool to have around the kitchen to save you a bit of time in slicing up an apple.  When you push down on the handle it cuts the apple up.  The only problem is that after you push down, you may have to push the apple slices through from the other side.  In other words, it doesn't cut all the way through the apple.", 'Depending on the apple you use this on, it will not be completely ready to eat afterwards.Sprays a bit of apple juice from the force when you use it. Put a plate in the sink and then put the apple on the plate and press down. Sprays a bit of Apple Juice "Mist."Depending on form of apple will be ready to eat. Otherwise must remove some left-over core with knife.Easy to remove skin after using with a knife.Overall good I guess quicker than cutting with knife.', "I love this apple cutter! I hate biting into apples so this is the only way I will eat them. I keep one apple cutter at the office and one at home and use each of them a couple of times a week (we go through a lot of apples in season at my house). It has a large surface area to fit some of the bigger apples and very sharp blades to cut through any tough spots (like when you cut the core by accident like I always do).My only problem is that the blades are really sharp! This is great for apple cutting and why this product works so well but I have cut my fingers on it numerous times. I have to always make sure to pick up the cutter by the handles.p.s. My mom has the Progressive version of this apple cutter and it doesn't work nearly as well. The blades are not as sharp so I always have to strugle a little when I use hers.", "I bought this as a gift for a friend of mine, and it works great.  He is very pleased, and it has helped him enjoy apples more often than he would otherwise, if he didn't have this great device.  A great tool :)", "As the title to this review states, this gadget makes dealing with apples and pears a breeze. It really works too. My old cheapie version cracked and died when my daughter was visiting and attempted to slice a hard apple.I replaced it with this one. Oxo also makes a cheaper Softworks model rather than thisGood Grips model, and OXO makes a more expensive stainless steel model.If you have never used a device like this, let me assure you that the coring and dividing occurs with just one downward push. Just place the Corer/Divider over the stem of the apple or pear, make sure the fruit's core is plumb (vertically straight) then firmly push downward.At the bottom of the push you will notice that the blades have not entirely sliced through the bottom of the fruit, so rock the thing a bit or turn it over and push the remaining exposed fruit though the blades...this has happened to the three different brands of dividers I have owned....using a dishcloth to protect your finger when doing so...done! The best way to finish the dividing is to hold the divider with one hand, hold the fruit with the other hand then pull the fruit away from the divider...a simple solution. I must warn you that the fruit must be somewhat firm because soft, overripe fruit will smoosh into a mess. I like the comfy rubber cushioned handles. Top rack dishwasher safe too. It's a cinch to use.Guests that are not aware of the existence of such a culinary tool will be wowed by it. Once, when my kids were little, my son was so fascinated with the thing that within ten minutes, when my son was alone in the kitchen, he had cored/divided an entire bag of apples...so we made pie dough and transformed that into about three Dutch, lattice-topped apple pies.I recommend that you own one and ignore the ankle biter, troll reviews here: 4.75 stars.I hope this was helpful to you. If you have questions, please reply in the Comment section below...I would be glad to help.___________________________________________________________________________________________________________CHECK OUT MY BLOG: thegoodstuffreviews.blogspot.com", "center corer too small, dosen't cut all the way threw apple, you have too pick pieces out and pull apart", 'Every family with kids needs the OXO Good Grips Apple Corer/Divider because it does quick work of slicing whole apples into bite-sized pieces for after-school snacking. Safe for kids to use, too. You get a sturdy slice no matter what size of apple you are slicing and coring. Easy to operate, easy clean-up.', 'why is this designed to not go all the way to the bottom of the apple?it makes it so much more dangerous, since you have to put your fingers near the blades to extract the apple sections and try to force the last 1/2" of cut.this is what i get for trying to be lazy when making pies, tarts and turnovers, and not just use a chef\'s knife and paring knife (and maybe a corer with a plunger).i\'ll be doubly insulted if it starts cracking like a few reviewers have mentioned.to sum it up: don\'t bother, it\'s more of a hassle than a time saver.  just get an 8-10" chef\'s knife and a paring knife (except for certain tasks which necessitate it, a 12" is a little unwieldy for my small hands).  i know that a lot of people who have never used them seem to find chef\'s/ cook\'s knives daunting, but even super cheap knives are safer, better and easier to use than this, and they certainly aren\'t single taskers, either.  just buy an easy -to -use sharpener (forget all those over-priced contraptions with "fingers") and you\'re good to go.', 'I had an old corer and it was a pain.  I bought this and used it twice now.  It is a great item.  I make apple pies and it makes life a lot easier. Be careful though,  It is so sharp I cut my finger on it.  (operator problem)lol', 'I cut my left ring finger that required stitches, unlike the other times when I cut fingers. Since, I have an aversion to using a knife. We got this Oxo Good Grips Apple Corer and Divider, and my problem with knives went away. Now I am happier to cut my slices of apples without hurting myself. So easy to use and wash.', 'We love this product, it has saved us a lot of time. We began juicing a few weeks back and apples go into the majority of our recipes. Tip: cut the bottom off the apple to make a flat surface before you use this. Then press down firmly and voila!My only criticism is that the core gets stuck in the middle and you have to push it out.', "But it's nice to have, especially during apple pie season. And apple snacking season. So yeah, sorry Alton, I like this unitasker.", 'I recently bought this on Amazon.  It works great.  Pressed down on the apple and bam.  The core was gone and the apple was neatly divided.  The divided apple looked like a flower blossom.  Pushing down on the the corer/divider did not require much pressure. It cut and sliced through the apple as smooth as silk. Be careful when washing this tool as the blades are a bit sharp.  Good product.  Enjoy your apples.', "This is a great corer/divider and as a result I eat far more apples.  It's definitely better for smaller apples though.  If you try to chop a large apple you have to really force the corer down.  As other reviewers have said, the blades are sharper than they look.  Overall I'm very pleased with it.", "Our family eats a lot of apples and pears. We have gone through a number of apple slicers. Initially we had an OXO - which is sharp, but the handle broke off pretty quickly. Next, I got an all metal one, but it wasn't very sharp. So, I went back to OXO. It worked fairly well for about a year. It is sharp, but the plastic parts began getting cracks pretty quickly. We still used it until the other day a handle broke off while I was using it. The sharp plastic piece cut my hand open and it hurt like crazy. I won't be buying this one again.", "I wasn't too sure about this product, but figured I'd give it chance since there were so many positive reviews. I'm glad I did! It works exactly as its suppose to; It removes the apple core and divides the rest into pieces. It looks flimsy, but is actually quite durable.", 'there is not much you can say about a aple corer and divider it divides and cores. It actually works and stays pretty sharp. I would recommend if you need to purchase', "My daughter loves me to slice apples for her, but in a hurry it can be time consuming. This is an awesome time saver! It cuts it into 8 slices (I cut each of those in half further, because she's 3 and I don't want her to choke on a big bite). It doesn't usually cut all the way through the very bottom of the apple (which is why I gave it a 4 out of 5), but I think that's a safety precaution. If you simply grip the top of the apple that has already been cut and pull up, it will finish slicing through. I love OXO brand and this is yet another product that they've made well!", "I've had this corer/divider for a few years now and it's okay, not horrible, but not great either. The problem is that I've had to replace this thing a few times because OXO is too cheap to make this out of sturdy plastic and it will crack. I only hand wash it and it cracked under almost no pressure. I also found I had to select my apples with the corer/divider in mind, picking only the straightest apples and not the apples that looked the best...Then I purchased a metal one of these devices made by another manufacturer, you don't know what you're missing. The metal ones can handle any apple and handle it effortlessly. Save your money and get an all metal one.", 'this OXO good grips apple corer and divider works great; it is very durable and easy to clean up; I use all the time', 'OXO Good Grips Apple Corer and DividerI have to say i was skeptical. But I was tired of the hassle of cutting apples with a knife.One firm push on an apple and I had a perfectly cored and sliced apple.WHEE!', "This makes coring and slicing apples a piece of cake, but if your apples are too small, the core hole will take out a lot of good apple. If your apple is too big, it won't cut it. If it's just right, this is the best way to get apple slices.", 'I use this product all the time. Saves time trying to core the apple - in 1 second your apple is core free, ready to be dipped or chopped smaller.', "I love the idea of this device and it worked adequately.  The only problems I had were: 1. it was a bit difficult to cut through the apple.  I had to use all my strength, and 2. while it's not the device's fault, it's hard to align if the apple's core isn't directly beneath it's stem.  A little practice and I'm sure it will get easier to judge.  It certainly beats cutting them by hand.", 'This aple divider works great!  The last one I had was made differently and would get apple fiber stuck in the middle of it. It was very hard to clean. This one is very easy to clean.', "This is a quality apple corer/slicer.  We've had ours for quite some time and it's still good.  It's strong and I think it's really gonna last.  Worth buying!", 'It does the trick, just as advertised. I cut my thumb on the blades when I opened the package, though, so be careful.', 'This saves quite a bit of work.  It cuts and cores and apple in seconds.  Make sure you get it straight and it works perfectly.  SOmewhat hard to clean is my only complain.  Its sharp but not too sharp.  Good quality, rubbery grip.  Dishwasher safe.  Its a very handy tool.', 'I enjoy this product very much. Great for creating snacks for work or for a fruit plate. I use mine nearly every day.', "I bought 2 of these because I eat a lot of apples and pears. Both of them split on the sides within 6 months. These OXO units 'look' like they are sturdier, better quality than other plastic units, but they aren't. If you use a corer/divider on a regular basis, don't waste your money on these; go for an all stainless steel unit instead.", 'I have had 2 of these in 6 years.  Work like a charm.  Problem is that the white plastic ring cracks and eventually breaks. I would gladly pay 50% more for the same design if it would last longer.', 'It works fine. Slices cleanly, and I like the generously-sized handles. But the plastic cracked after about 3 months.  Still usable, but obviously not as nice.', 'I absolutely love this apple/pear corer and divider.  It is very easy to use, just push down and voila! Apple slices!  The way the slicer/corer is configured it really helps you get the "most" out of your apple.  When I cut apples myself with a knife I always throw away a much larger core than I have to with this contraption.A few MINOR things would be that the blade doesn\'t always go all the way through the bottom of the apple peel, but you\'re able to pull the slices out anyway.  I wouldn\'t recommend turning it upside down and trying to push the blade all the way through because that is how you will end up cutting yourself.  Also, maybe I just buy really juicy fruit but for some reason I always manage to squirt some of the juices all over me...That is probably to no fault of the product, but it is something to be aware of when using it.Cleaning it?  I put it in the top rack of the dishwasher and have not had a problem.  Overall, I don\'t think you can go wrong with this product.  Another score for Good Grips!', 'Works great and makes it easier to cut for my 4 yr old.  Easy to use and clean. Okay product.', 'I\'ve been using this apple corer for a few months and have to say I like it.It cuts through an apple very quickly and precisely, much faster than if you were to use a traditional knife.This is the perfect tool for a person who is prepping home made apple pie or apples in quantity.It cleans easily in the sink or dishwasher.The divider seems sturdy, but only time will tell.That said, there are some "BUTs":* Large size makes cutting smaller apples difficult.* Occasionally an apple will shift while cutting and the cuts will be off.* Large size makes drawer storage cumbersome.* Be careful of the very sharp blades, accidental cut can happen.* Usually does not cut 100% of the way through and one has to wiggle the core out and pull off the peices at the bottom.If you don\'t mind coring and dividing an apple by hand then I say stick with your favorite knife.  But for those of you for whom it has always been a chore, those who want to do it quickly, or those with a lot of apple to chop, this is a great timesaving tool.', 'This works just as described - sharp blades cut right through the apple, leaving nice even slices.  The padded handle allows for better control when coring/slicing apple.  Highly recommend!', 'I liked using this product and the results of getting perfectly cored apple and slices.  The only drawback was the amount of force required to get through the apple.  Maybe using another type of apple would not be so difficult but the delicious apple took more pressure than I had.All in all, I would recommend it for quickly coring and slicing.', 'This apple corer and slicer is great!  I love it and so does my child.  We are both eating more apples and pears now.', "My daughter loves apples, eats them by the bag full, but being a toddler insists on them being peeled and sliced.Whatever, she won't get scurvy as long as she keeps eating apples, and this just made dealing with her particular demands a heck of a lot easier.", "I like the Oxo better than the Calphalon Easy Grip Apple Slicer (http://www.amazon.com/Calphalon-Easy-Grip-Apple-Slicer/dp/B000SOAT0Y). I've used the Oxo daily for several years, and recently bought the Calphalon and used it daily for 3 months.I actually prefer the &#34;recessed&#34; blade design of the Oxo. This keeps the blade sharper MUCH longer, especially if you cut on a ceramic plate like I do. To cut that last bit of apple skin, just grab the mostly-sliced apple and pull up with a bit of a wiggling motion.Also, I prefer the slimmer profile of the Oxo. The Calphalon's larger handles are unnecessary and take up too much space in the &#34;gadget drawer&#34;.", 'Very easy to use, just place the apple under it and press down--presto, the apple wedges appear.  It does take a little effort to remove the wedges since the blades do not always cut all the way through the bottom skin.  Also, the apple must be carefully positioned so that all the core is removed by the center ring without leaving seed parts on the wedges.  But, altogether, an extremely useful device.', 'This item is very sharp and built with good materials. The only flaw is that it does not cut all the way through the apple. It stops just before making the clean cut. You have the pull the core and apple slices apart.', 'Works great even on large apples, although on these you will have to do a little additional cutting with a paring knife to get rid of the widest part of the core. Will be watching to see hos long it maintains its sharpness.', "This is a great tool.  I'll never have to slice an apple with my trusty knife again.  I can't just bite into an apple (fragile teeth) so this does the trick for me.  ThanX.", "This is nice and sharp!  The size is good for even big apples.  Our last slicer broke so I chose a different brand and am happy I did.  The 'profile' is flat enough that it doesn't jam our drawer which is handy!", "works great- still going strong no rust after 2 years. I'm oxo obsessed so i would highly recommend this.  5 stars", 'We purchased this corer/slicer to replace an existing OXO corer/slicer that was about 10 years old and used to slice hundreds of applies.  Its plastic housing had begun to crack.  The new corer has slightly modified handles, but we have no reason to expect it to perform any differently from our old one.  Just wish it were a little nicer looking.', "Yesterday morning, I cored and sliced over 230 apples.  I then dipped them in lemon juice and froze them.  Once frozen Ithem, I packaged them with a vacuum sealer.  Now I'll have apples all winter long and not have to buy them again.  My husband was amazed at this little inexpensive tool.  It saved us a ton of work.  It works in less than a second and it's completely done! I wish I had the patent on it!", "Love this little tool!  I've seen other versions of this, but this particular one has nice grips that allow you to comfortably push through even the biggest, toughest apples.  It is very sharp, and should be handled carefully.", 'This is a great apple slicer/corer.  We used it often to slice apples for our little ones and perhaps should not have put it in the dishwasher?  Because it cracked within 3 months of everyday use - but was cheerfully replaced at the store we bought it from. (we bought it locally, not through Amazon)', "This product works pretty well.  I like the rubber handles, and the fact that they are a bit raised so you can push this all the way down without ramming your knuckles into the plate, counter, etc.However, I did dock a star because no matter how hard I try this won't divide the slices all the way - they stay connected at the bottom.  It's also a bit tough to get the core out of the middle after making the cut.", "This is the first apple corer I've bought, and honestly I feel stupid for not buying one sooner. It has turned what used to be a 10-15 minute task into a 3-minute one, and the end result is a lot more consistent and attractive than the slices I did by hand.This corer does take a bit of upper body strength to use and the plastic feels a little flimsy (with one particularly tough apple I was kind of afraid it would snap in half), but the grips are solid, the blades are sharp and really for $10 I doubt there's a better deal out there.", 'I found this item to be exactly as described in advertisement. I would recommend it to anyone.', "I am a lover of apples but I didn't like the mess of cutting them in to pieces or eating it whole (I can't with my front teeth). I had debated about which one to get & this one has sharp metal blades for an easy cut. The handles have a good grip which makes it comfortable & not slippery if your hands are damp or wet. This looks like it will last for a very long time.", 'Works a lot better than the cheaper ones on the market it actuall cuts through the apple a lot easier.', 'Hi had one before it cracked on me , maybe apples  were too hard ?? so did purchase another so will see what happens , this one has rubber handles but I am sure that does not help with cutting thu the apple .', "Daily use for months now without a problem.  It works great on apples and pears, cuts them to 8 equal pieces.  The blade side on mine is really sharp, best cleaned with a dish brush (I've cut myself a couple of times on it.)  Can't say I'd recommend letting the kids use it.  The only criticism I have is sometimes it's hard to remove the core at the center, but otherwise it works really well.  In response to one of the other reviews: you should check to see if the stem and the flower end line up to minimize capturing some of the core in your slices.  This is especially true if your fruit is somewhat odd shaped--you may have to line up your stroke.", 'Got this because I eat lots of fruits and well..anything that can make them cut up faster and ready to eat will help eat them more often, lol.  This works well.', "Saves me so much time! I love apples but hate eating them whole so when I buy apples, now, it's a joy to take this thing out and just quickly divide it into small slices to munch on! I usually do a bunch, cover them with lemon (citrus helps keep them fresh / from turning brown) and then store them in my fridge until I can devour. Yay!", "In general, I like this corer.  It pushes easily through apples and cuts them neatly.  However, I usually then have to go over all the pieces and remove the small amount of residual core left on the slices.  I guess this is common with most corers?  I don't know, since this is the only one I've ever owned.Another feature which turns out to be very annoying is that it cuts the apples into extremely thick slices.  Most recipes I've used call for slices about half the thickness, so I have to re-slice everything.Despite all this, I still like the corer because I hate coring apples by hand and this does do the initial task very quickly and painlessly.  Also, an apple halfway sliced is still better than one not sliced at all.", "I keep this at work so when I bring in an apple with lunch (which is pretty much every day) I can core/slice it up into nice little wedges instead of the noisy/messy usual way of eating an apple.  People even ask to borrow it when they're trying to slice up an apple with one of the dull cafeteria knives.", 'This apple corer and divider works really well and does what it should.  I wish it was a little sharper...I had an old one (that this one replaced) that was noticeably sharper and I miss that, but otherwise it works just fine.', "I love it. Once you have one, you can't go back. There is nothing more to say about it.  Even if i wanted to what would i say, its an apple corer and divider. It does that, so very well.", "This apple corer/slicer is a awesome for the non-OCD apple cutter. It's sturdy and sharp and gets the job done well. The only issue is that the metal pieces in the middle are glues together such that small chunks of apple get stuck, no matter how much you wash it. Most people would not be bothered by this, but as a microbiologist I find this very disconcerting and wishing it was one solid piece. Aside from this little flaw, it's been a very wonderful little utensil.", "excellent classic corer/slicer, but make sure sure apple isn't too big.  also really firm apples may break the handles.  Whaterver happened to all metal corer/slicers?", "I got this for myself to speed up making the kids' lunches and I love it. It quickly cuts the apple into slices and removes the core. Perfect for busy moms.", 'This device is great for coring and dividing apples. Works best with small to medium apples. I plan to look into a peeler but this will do fine for now. I love OXO products, since I know what I am getting in terms of quality.', 'I have had this for a year and use it more days than not.  No cracking.  It works great, but I will say it is harder to use in bigger apples.  Perhaps that is why others had cracking problems, but I am only speculating.If you eat apples often this is worth the money, even if it only lasts a year.', 'Works great if you have a symmetrical apple to core.. otherwise sometimes you get part of the core and not all. Used a lot when my kids were small, not as much now that they are older. Blade stays nice and sharp too. Comfortable to use, a bit big for storage in a drawer. Would recommend.', "Since I am partially disabled, this makes it easy to add some fruit to my diet. I don't only use it on apples.", 'I used this for apples and found that it works well on totally round apples with a flat bottom. If it is an uneven bottom of the apple it cuts it through the core rather than beside the core. I could still use it and it is easier than by hand just know that you will need to clean up some of the apple slices that have the core still on it.', 'This works great, and actually makes cutting up an apple fun!  Sometimes I do have to cut a bit more of the core out, but other than that this little thing is super.', 'Perfectly cores an apple. I was pleasantly surprised. I have grown to like OXO products. I respect their brand; otherwise I would have not tried this. But it works. The only issue I have is that obviously the blades are sharp. So pressing down on it using the side handles is the only option unless you want to cut your fingers.', 'Who needs a special tool to core and quarter an apple?Nobody really needs it unless they process a whole lotta apples. But this tool works so perfectly and so quickly that it is just plain elegant and fun to use it.  I see myself eating more apples...', 'The Oxo apple corer is easy to use, and the wide angle handles keep your hands out of the way of the apple.  I really like the grip material as it helps keep you steady on the downward press.  The corer seems most efficient on small to medium apples, because with large ones, I tend to get a bit of core on 1 or 2 slices of apple. (original review from September 9, 2011)****edit June 20, 2014....Just purchased a second one of these corer/dividers, and not to replace the first one from 2011.  The 2011 one is still going!  This second one is to replace the numerous others ones that have broken since 2011.  I finally wised up and did not purchase the a replacement that hangs conveniently beside the apples in the local grocery store.  And instead, ordered and received my second Oxo apple corer.  From a household who uses the product daily, and has used and broken numerous other brands, buy a long lasting OXO.', "I cut an apple every day for breakfast and this corer and divider has been working strong for 3 years now.  Excellent long lasting product.  I can't recommend it enough.", "Most importantly bits of apple remain wedged between the seams of the blades. Hand washing or dishwasher fail to remove the bits. Having to pick at it with a toothpick or tweezer makes the tool a net time loss. In addition as other reviews stated it doesn't cut all the way through on some of the apples. Sending it back !", 'Our experience with this corer/slicer has been the same as many reviewers here.The initial trick with this device is aiming so that it actually slices through the core, rather than to one side.  Since apples are seldom perfect, this sometimes requires a bit of cleverness.  If the core is missed, then a small paring knife may be needed to remove seeds, etc, from some of the slices.We have also noticed two other things noted by other reviewers:1.  The device doesn\'t always cut cleanly all the way through the bottom of the apple.  This is probably a function of the cutting surface.  Often it is necessary to pull the core and/or some of the segments through the device by hand.  It is better to grip each segment and pull it through, rather than try to push on the skin at the bottom, which could lead to cut fingers.2.  The white outer ring on ours has cracked where one of the blade "spokes" meets the ring.  So far this hasn\'t affected the unit\'s operation, but I am assuming that it will fail at that point some day.The good news is that Oxo stands behind its products, and I expect that if and when this unit fails, Oxo will replace it.All in all, a good choice for this purpose, even if not perfect.  It\'s still much faster than manually cutting apple slices, and probably safer.', "Since we eat a lot of fruit around my house, this is an item that gets a real workout. It is essentially used on a daily basis.This corer/divider is well designed and comfortable to use with its cushioned grips. The blades are very sharp and slice through fruit almost like a hot knife through butter, just a bit of downward pressure is needed to get the corer going. The central - circular piece for coring - is larger than on comparable items by other manufacturers which makes the entire process of coring and dividing apples or pears so much easier.In general, I have always appreciated the sound ergonomic design of OXO kitchen tools/gadgets and this one will not disappoint.Buy one of these soon and start eating all those apples/pears, etc. that your're processing on a regular basis for a healthier lifestyle. The life you save may be your own!", 'I guess we have small apples where I am from, because this corer and divider were huge in comparison.', "Although I like the design--especially the non-skid feet--I'm ultimately very disappointed in this grater. Like other reviewers, I've found that after less than six weeks of use, the plastic has started cracking.Contrary to what other reviewers have said, however, you CAN separate the two halves of the grater for cleaning or storage, but I was disappointed by how you can barely spread the grater's feet out more than a few inches...I wish it had a full range of movement. As it is, you can only position the feet about 4 inches apart. I was hoping for a wider foot print for things like quesadillas.Overall, a disappointing product. Neat design, bad materials.", "I originally got this grater about two years ago and gave it a very good rating based on the ease of use and cleaning; however, I am amending my opinion after having small cracks appear in the plastic beside both grating surfaces.  These cracks quickly grew bigger until finally the item is unusable.I guess for the low price you can buy a new one every couple of years but really, a kitchen tool should last longer than a year or two.  I'd rather pay more and have it last.  It seems that many people have been having this same problem.Good design.  Flawed execution.  This will make me think twice before buying an OXO product again!", "I LOVE Oxo's Good Grips products, so I had high hopes for this cheese grater.  After only a few uses, the plastic casing cracked,  making it unstable & difficult to use.  Pass on this grater & go for one with more metal.", "I bought one of these, thinking that the price is pretty reasonable. I got what I paid for.When you try to slide out the grater, so that you can clean inside of the ridges that hold the two plates into place, it's awkward, because you have to align it just so, or else it won't come out. I'd toss it in the dishwasher after using it. After the first round (we don't use the drying cycle, because it costs so much electricity), it came out with multiple cracks along the side. A couple months later, the plastic underneath the fine grater broke off. That made it so that the black piece up top is absolutely useless, because now it won't rest comfortably on the table. Then, the wide side broke.I went to walmart, and got an $8 box grater. That thing is solid.", "This grates well, stores well, disassembles for easy cleaning, and is dishwasher safe, BUT IT BREAKS EASILY! It's made of cheap material that cracks, leaving it unsafe. I recommend buying a sturdier product. If it didn't work well in the beginning, I would've given it a one. This product inevitably breaks within a short period of time. It's not worth the purchase.", 'I am usually a fan of OXO products but I have noticed lately that they are not as good as they used to be with shoddy execution or questionable workmanship.  I, like everyone else, was hoping this would be the solution to my storage issues with graters but it proved useless less than a year later and with little use to stress the thing out (almond paste and cheddar cheese were the only things I used it for).  It developed cracks in the plastic that are impossible to repair.  Also, I do not think this is a good grater for the supposed market of arthritic people - it can be difficult to put together.So, in short, it stinks for those suffering pain in their hands and for those who cook.  Save your money and just buy a KitchenAid grater.', "I had hopes when I bought this one, as I have usually had success with OXO products.Sadly, this grater was not one of those successes.  I didn't pay a lot for it, around $10 and it lasted about 6 months.  But the plastic gave way on the sides, so now I only have the side that is for finer grating.  Which I don't do that often.  The cracks start at the corners of the steel grating piece and eventually they just break completely.It needs a stronger design and then it would be much better.", "For parmesan cheese, lemon rind and fine delicate grating, I swear by my Microplane zester and grater.  I have another shredder from Williams Sonoma that is extremely sturdy but must either be held at an angle over paper/plate or across a bowl flat, and that's sometimes awkward.  I thought the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater would be different than my box grater because it would be more structurally sound, have a better handle, collapse and take up less space, and mainly because I'm very pleased with the brand.Wrong.  This has fallen apart after falling into the plate many times.  The plastic has cracked on both sides, so the fact that it's collapsible makes me wonder if they were referring to the material and not the design.  The blades have remained sharp but it's going to be recycled today because it simply doesn't hold up to the task.", 'I was disappointed that this grater only lasted for a couple of weeks. At first it broke into two pieces, so I could only use one half (even when it stood upright as pictured, it never did stay open or grip the counter- it was never stable, and either closed or fell down while grating). Then I was left with a flat grater that was difficult to use. The piece that was left cracked on the corners, and broke apart within a couple of uses. Usually Oxo makes great products. This is not a good product. Save your money and buy a different model grater. You will be happier with an all metal model for sure!', "The only good thing about this grater is that it doesn't take a lot of space, but after using it few times it cracked on the bottom.", "I purchased the Oxo Good Grips Multi Grater back when I was first outfitting my kitchen.  At the time, I really disliked box graters because they're hard to clean and once you use it, you couldn't use any of the other sides later without cleaning the entire thing.So, I bought this multi grater because it's easier to clean than a box grater and you can take apart each side and use them individually.  The grater is quite sharp and worked well with hard cheeses as well as soft.  After a couple of years of use, the side with larger grating holes broke.  The plastic surrounding the metal grate snapped.  Now the other side is starting to go.  All in all, it was a decent purchase but didn't stand the test of time like I would have liked.  I'm starting to rethink the box grater idea.", "As it is, this grater is awkward to use.  It is not sturdy when it is standing up.I ended up taking it apart and using each side as a flat grater.  It worked MUCH better this way.Unfortunately, the plastic around the coarse grater side broke and became unusable.It's not a bad grater, but just not long-lasting.I noticed that they have redesigned this grater by making it more metal, less plastic.  I am going to give it a try.I'll still take it apart and use it as a flat grater, but it seems to be much more durable than this model.", 'When we got this grater, it was nice, the grip is nice. It is hard to fit in a bowl, so we used a plate. Now the plastic has broken, the plastic is very thin, and apparently this item was not made to last. I have always thought of Oxo as being a good product, but lately several Oxo items have been junk.Do yourself a favor, and get an all metal one, with no plastic to break.', 'I have owned many other Oxo products and purchased this based on my satisfaction with those items. However, the Multi-Grater failed miserably. Within weeks of moderate use, the plastic shell cracked.  I continued to use it gingerly for several more weeks until the entire product snapped in half.  Not recommended at all.', "I like the design of this grater: it doesn't take up much space and is easy to clean because it comes apart. Unfortunately, the white plastic broke in several places after only a few months of use.", 'I was looking for a grater that was easy to clean.  This one seems like a good idea... until it collapses on you.  The sides don\'t spread apart far enough, so it is unstable and without proper pressure it folds up.  With proper pressure it works until the plastic breaks.  I\'m surprised Oxo designed this.  I\'ll be going back to the old fashion "box" style grater.', "We've tried a few of these because they look like they would be more comfortable to hold and use, and stronger, than the more common and less expensive stamped stainless steel variety.  And they are. . .until the  plastic gives way, and only one side remains useable.  A beefier design  could make this potentially good product into a good product.  Until it's  redesigned, spend your money elsewhere.", 'Love it.  I wash all my veges and fruits with it.  Yep, I wash all my veges and fruit with it.  Did I say I was all my veges and fruits with it?  This brush is only dedicated for washing fruits and veges at my house.', "I'm giving this brush 4 stars instead of 5 because its natural bristles don't last as long as I'd like. That said, I love this brush. I'm about to reorder several more. I use it for everything from scrubbing produce (don't let anybody here tell you it won't scrub potatoes) to cleaning up pots, pans, and sinks. The handle is comfortable and the brush is the perfect shape for a wide variety of kitchen tasks. I wish I could get more than two or three months of service out of these, but despite that, as long as Amazon offers these things I'll keep buying them -- sometimes the most useful products aren't the longest lasting.", "This gets a lot of use cleaning the mixer blade, scouring out cast iron pots, etc. The natural bristles hold up well and tolerate going through the dishwasher for sterilization.1 July 2013. This brush has been recycled as it didn't last and the bristles would wimp out when wet. Replaced with a Fuller Brush Vegetable Brush.", 'Really good at cleaning the veggies. I start with a good spray of vinegar water and then scrub with this brush any dirt on the vegetables. Then a good rinse.', 'I bought this brush as well as the Oxo Good Grips Soft Grip vegetable brushVegetable Brush - Soft GripI like the latter much better.  This natural bristles are just too "soft" for my taste.  I suppose this brush might be better for cleaning softer items, like mushrooms.  But I find I usually grab the other one...', 'This tool makes cleaning/scrubbing of potatoes, squash, carrots very easy and you know that the vegies are clean. Handle long enough for control.', "This brush didn't last a month. The bristles are too soft and become deformed. I last used it when I steamed cleaned my barbeque grill and then tossed it.", 'I have a couple of different styles of veggie brushes and I do find this item useful in certain situations', 'I love the brush. I was having lots of trouble finding on in the stores, glad I found this one.', "Nice size veggie brush with a handle that is easy to grip.  Oxo is a good brand, so I'm sure the quality is good.", "Excellent brush for cleaning vegetables especially potatoes - it's amazing how much dirt is on them!  I use mine constantly and will get another in the future if I need to however, these are really made well.", 'I really like the back shape and feel to grip it. Nice brush.', "This is a very stiff vegetable brush and I don't see how it would ever become flimsy in the future. It fits comfortably in my hand and gets potatoes super clean. We eat a lot of sweet potatoes in my house and this is a very handy tool in preparation for baking them.", "I received this brush several years ago as a gift and it is still going strong. I no longer use it for food cleaning, but for everything else in the home. My son's puppy left his calling card on my carpet and this little brush came to the rescue. It gets right in that spot between the floor and the porcelain at the bottom on the toilet. You may call it a vegetable brush, but I call it my &#34;everything to clean&#34; brush.", "It works well and has a good gripping surface.  No issues.  What more can I say?  :-)  I'm glad I purchased it and absolutely recommend it.", 'Love it! Works great on many kinds of fruits and vegetables.', "I eat a lot of potatoes. I mean a LOT.  We probably go through 10-15 lbs a week.  We tried all sorts of different scrubbing devices to clean all of those potatoes, and every single one either didn't clean well, had flattened bristles within a month, or was just hugely uncomfortable and sometimes painful.  This made cleaning potatoes the biggest dread in the kitchen. So after I stopped being able to make my husband clean every single potato every time, I started looking for a new, fancy potato scrubber that I wouldn't bloody my knuckles using.  Money was no object (within reason, I wasn't going to justify $1000 for a brush) because this was going to be the most important purchase of the year.  I shopped vigorously online, read dozens of reviews, and finally decided on the OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush.We've had it now for several months.  It is very comfortable to hold (even for people with giant freak hands like me), it does a good job of cleaning the potatoes, and best of all not one single bristle has even begun to flatten.  I no longer refuse to scrub my potatoes, so I don't think its stretching to say that this little brush has helped strengthen my relationship.  It really is fantastic, and I have nothing bad to say about it.  Totally worth the $8, and I highly recommend it to anyone who has to scrub vegetables.  Even if it eventually does flatten out on me, its already lasted at least 3x as long as any other brush I've tried.", "It was a little smaller with softer bristles than I anticipated, but this is VERY handy for vegetables (potatoes, carrots, etc.) and I know I'll use it often.", 'This is the perfect size for your hand to apply pressure to veggies when washing them - I use it without any soap or vegetable cleaner in order to clean them, as I am trying not to eat pesticides or chemicals while pregnant. Love this brush.', 'This brush is easy to hold in the hand and the bristles are soft enough to clean vegetables such as potatoes and carrots.  They would be too firm for mushrooms.', 'This works great! I use it to clean our vegetables before I cook them and it definitely makes a noticeable difference!', "This works well. It gets my produce really clean. It is easy to hold and use and doesn't take up much room in your kitchen.", 'I bought this to clean potatoes, and I must say it is a great product!  I find it better than the plastic scrubbers you can buy.', 'Great seller, great price,would buy from again. This brush works well on my potatoes and other vegetables that need to be brushed. easy to handle.', "If you're cooking potatoes without skins, a good handwashing before you peel is all that's really necessary. I like the skins though so I need to wash my potatoes more thoroughly. This goes for all produce really but potatoes seem to be the dirtiest. I also don't peel my carrots (and can't understand why anyone does!) so I give these a good scrub too.This brush has tough bristles for good scrubbing, but they aren't so rough they hurt the veggie. I mean, i wouldn't use it on a mushroom (I have a little brush with baby bristles for those - its great) but this one is wonderful for certain veggies and I feel confident they are cleaner than when I just hand wash them.I used to use my dish brush (yeah, the same one I rinse dishes and clean the sink with) BLEH! This is a great replacement! :) I like the grip on it and the size. Now my only problem is figuring out a way to get my husband to eat the veggies!", 'This helps a lot for cleaning potatoes that I buy that happen to be pretty dirty. Mixed with any sort of veggie cleaning spray, it does wonders!', 'The brush is well-made and scrubs fine. Now if only it had a hook so I could hang it ...', 'The "Oxo Good Grips 33781 Flexible Vegetable Brush" is the best vegetable brush I have been able to so far locate.  The reasons I gave it five stars are the brush is easy for me to hold and the bristles do a good job of cleaning potato skins and it is very easy to keep this brush clean by rinsing with very hot water and even placing in the dishwasher (as long as you use either a covered basket OR \'wedge\' it in the fork-and-utensil basket).  I give the product five stars but am still hoping to find a brush just a bit larger with even firmer bristles.  But I do not regret purchasing this item and do use it consistently which I cannot say for other brush-type items...durable...that\'s the word:  this brush will do the job and is easy to maintain and it is DURABLE.  It still looks new! Also, for anyone with a physical challenge involving the hands, (like arthritis) the product is comfortable to use.', "I find this brush to be good for some things, but not for others.  The bristles are too short to fit in the cracks and crevices of things like bell peppers, apple tops/bottoms and knobby or uneven root vegetables.  At first, the bristles were much too stiff, but have softened up, with use.  It is easy to clean and hold, especially for aching hands, but you still need another veggie brush for the things this one can't do.  It works well for scrubbing cutting boards and the like.  I would buy again, but it isn't the only one to own.", 'i use this brush daily. im a potato freak and eat one or two a day. its soft and is comfortable to grip. nice addition to my kitchen', 'I used this to clean some carrots that I got from an organic farm deliver twice a monh.  Before this I just rinsed with cold water using my hands and the results were okay.  Then I tried the brush and there was no dirt left and it is good for my hands as I have arthritis.', 'This brush has many uses, not only for brushing vegetables. I used it to scrub my wok, after it cooled down of course. Comfortable grip.', 'Bristles too short and too soft. Did not last very long. Eat a whole food, plant based diet so scrub lots of vegetables every day. Did like the shape of the brush, fits nicely in my hand as I work.', "I'm an OXO fan to begin with so that's why I ordered this little brush.  It not only scrubs veggies well, it fits nicely into the palm of the hand. It also has a non-slide surface that helps steady the brush for scrubbing. It takes dark spots off radishes saving the time of using a knife to cut them out.", 'I eat a lot of veggies and appreciate having this brush, which is sturdy enough to scrape dirt from potatoes and other root vegetables without bruising or otherwise damaging the produce.', 'I am not impressed with this brush, I purchased it after my old wood brush was ruined by a none to careful member of my family.  I figure with all the five star ratings its probably a good deal, and it sort of is, its just that I like to get the dirt off my veggies quick and use the brush to take a little top layer off as well this one can not do that.  It still works and does clean-up well, its just not as good as my prior brush. If I had bought this from a local store I would probably taken it back, but as it was purchased from Amazon its my veggie brush.', 'Like the way this fits my hand.  The bristles on this are  nice and sturdy.  The brush should last a long time.', "My wife wanted a good, stiff, vegetable brush.She laughed, and laughed, when she got this in the mail for a Christmas present. She says she could have gotten it at the local grocery store.But she loves it. One of the best stocking stuffers ever.(My wife is very, very difficult to please when it comes to kitchen gadgets --- actually she's hard to please in all respects, but that's a different story -- so, I was relieved to hear her say she loved this brush.)", 'I have been trying to find a vegetable brush that would not wear out in a few months and I think I have found it with this brush. It is easy to clean and fits my hand perfectly.', "Got it specifically to clean potatoes for T'giving. Although I'd like a model of it that is a bit bigger, this fit in my hand fine AND it did a good job. I suspect that it would work well on any veg or fruit. Reasonably priced and seems to be of decent quality. It's what I was looking for.", 'This is the best vegetable brush I have used.The non-slip, flexible "soft-grip" body is easy and comfortable to hold and the bristles do a superb job of cleaning potato skins and all other root vegetables, though softer bristles are required for delicate veggies such as mushrooms etc,.  A quick hot rinse after each use and an occasional dishwashing keeps it in great shape.Unbeatable at this price.', 'I actually have 2 of these now... one I use for vegetables and one I use for cast iron cleaning on occasion. So far so good on both uses.The brush is durable. ergonomic and fits nicely in your hand to do almost any job. Potato scrubbing is a breeze as are carrots, celery, beets and just about any veggie you can imagine as well as apples and some other fruits. The bristles are perfect for this purpose, hard enough to do the scrubbing, yet soft enough not to damage or cut into the skin or fiber of the veggies/fruit.I also use one for an occasional scrub of some of my cast iron cookware. Again, a good combination of not too harsh bristles that can still do a little cleaning of this sort.Very happy with the purchase and it is hard to beat this price as an add-on.', "The brush is MUCH better quality than I had expected, what a pleasant surprise! You really can't beat the price for a brush this nice. I have purchased brushes in this price range before and they always ended up being just as cheap as they looked! The bristles would flatten after 1-2 uses, they would slip from your hand, your hand would cramp up because they were awkwardly small, etc. This brush looks as though it will definitely last for years! It is larger than I thought it would be which is great! You can comfortably grip it in your palm and apply the necessary scrubbing pressure without ever having your hand cramp up at all. It is a very solid product too. Just by the feel of it you can tell it will be extremely durable over the years and through many many uses. The bristles are quite coarse so it really will only be great for scrubbing harder vegetables, but, since the the most commonly cleaned vegetables are the tough skinned hard varieties that are grown in the ground you will be able to use it for a huge variety. The no-slip grip handle is wonderful! I can use this while my hand (and brush) are completely submersed in water and it doesn't slip a bit, even with vigorous scrubbing. All in all, WONDERFUL PURCHASE! I would very highly recommend this product to anyone in the market for a vegetable scrub brush!", "It scrubs, it hasn't fallen apart, it washes up really nice, it is comfortable in your hand to hold... what else can you ask for?", 'nice vegetable brush; soft to the hands', 'Long ago I had a Swedish veg brush that could make veg pristine with a few strokes.  This brush does just as well and has the added bonus of a very comfortable handle.  Happy to have this cleaning power again.', "This is the perfect size to hold in the palm of your hand, the material it's made of doesn't slide out of your hand and the bristles are gentle enough for delicate veggies, tough enough to clean fresh from the garden veggies. Good product!", 'Great brush.  Easy to hold in my small hand and the bristles are still good after hundreds of potatoes.  No reservations recommending this one.', "This is exactly what I've been searching for the past several years.  It is stiff enough to clean dirty old potatoes and small enough to fit into my hand without slipping out.  I love everything Oxo!", 'This brush is exactly what I was looking for.  Cleans my fruits and vegetables well and grip on this thing is great for maintaining control!', 'I love this veggie brush!It works beautifully when cleaning potatoes (which is all I have used it for so far) and is worth the $4 JUST for that!It is made with great quality materials and seems like it will last a really long time.', 'Just like the name, I can grip it firmly in my hand while I was brushing up apples, green peppers and stuff. High recommend it.', 'I have petite sized hands and this produce scrubber fits perfectly in my palm. It could be better if the brush head was a bit larger.', 'the oxo good grips flexible vegitable brush is a great buy.  i ended up buying another i liked the brush so well.  it is easy to hold while washing any vegetable.  the brushes get right in and get out the dirt off potatoes as well as any vegitable.', "This review is from: OXO Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush (Kitchen)This is a good vegetable brush that you can use to scrub dirt off of potatoes and many other vegetables. I can't get excited about it though because I think it would be a lot better if it were a little bigger.The quality of the brush and the deal are pretty good. Sure it fits into the center of a palm, but I think it's marketed to make a weakness sound like strength. I'd like a bigger brush, ideally, with the same quality.", 'This is a great little brush. It fits the hand easily, scrubs the vegetables nicely and cleans up well. Going to be throwing a number of these little gems into the stockings next Christmas!', 'Bristles not quite as hard as I would have liked, but, all in all, a good vegie brush.  Always use it on potatoes.', 'I use this brush at least three times a week and it still looks like new.  Just hard enough to clean vegetables especially potatoes without scratching the peel off.', 'This fits in your palm nicely and cleans without causing damage to lighter veggies such as mushrooms.  It is great for potatoes getting into all the little nooks and crannies.', 'A well equipped kitchen should have three veggie brushes including a firm bristle brush for old potatoes, and a soft bristle brush for mushrooms. Many of us have small kitchens with limited drawer space and prefer to simplify when possible. There is no all-purpose veggie brush but this one comes close. This small medium bristle brush can easily be held in the fingers to apply heavy pressure on old white potatoes and a very, very light touch for mushrooms. It is perfect for most everything else, including the easy removal of silk from fresh corn. It is a keeper.', "Oxo always has quality products at a decent price, and this is no exception.  It fits perfectly in my hand, has bristles that are stiff enough to scrub off dirt but not so stiff that there's no flexibility.  It's easy to clean and a good price.  I've had it a while, and it still looks like new.", "I took to eating the skins on potatoes etc and have meant for a decade to buy a veggie brush.  I saw this one.  It looked easy to hold and the brush looked firm.  It works well, cleans potatoes & sweet potatoes, is comfy to grip, cleans with hot water.  I like it!  I'd buy another.", 'This is a great brush for use on vegetables. The bristles are stiff enough to scrape off dirt, but not as harsh as to damage. The size is just right and fits in the hand well. The rubber makes it comfortable and easy to grip without fatigue.', "This brush is wonderful for cleaning produce like potatoes, carrots, and celery.  It's easy to grip and has a nice stiff brush.  An added bonus is that it is dishwasher safe, so I can place it in the dishwasher to keep it clean and looking nice.", "I bought this as a potato/vegetable brush, and it works great!  The bristles are fairly stiff, so it may not work well on tender vegies, but it's perfect for scrubbing potatoes and carrots.  The rubber handle is made of a material that doesn't slip in your hands when it gets wet.  Another good product from OXO!", "I bought this brush specifically because it was described as being flexible and contouring to the vegetables' shapes.  The brush is not flexible at all and is extremely RIGID aside from the bristles.  It does fit nicely in the palm of my hand, but I am questioning whether I will be happy with this brush compared to the Chef'n brush.Amazon needs to work on appropriate use of adjectives.", "This is a well-made brush that fits comfortably in the palm of your hand.  The bristles are strong and firmly embedded.  I'll definitely get more than my moneys worth from this brush.", 'I always used the long handled vegetable brushes.  My arthritis prevents me from scrubing the vegetable very hard, then I ran across this little scrubber from Amazon.  I LOVE IT!  It fits my hand perfectly and scrubs the vegetables so clean that I usually leave the peal on for the vitamins.  Thanks OXO for a wonderful product!Debra in Texas', "Most of OXO products I find to be comfortable to use and this brush isn't any different--fits perfectly in the palm of your hand and gives enough traction for scrubbing.  The bristles are very stiff, I find it hard to use on delicate mushrooms, but great for scrubbing a potato.  The clear bristles have discolored a bit over time as we have mineral-rich water, and I find it not so easy to clean--have to wedge it just right in a dishwasher or try to get soap up into the bristle area.  But, it's been going strong for two years and overall I recommend it.", 'As with most OXO products this brush is well made and the bristles are a perfect stiffness for scrubbing potatoes, etc.', 'This is an excellent little vegetable brush that fits nicely in your hand, and is very easy to hold.My neighbor has very bad arthritis and I brought her over my brush to use, to see if it might be helpful to her while,cleaning vegetables.  Long story shirt, she loved it and bought her own.Great product!', 'Great brush for scrubbing your vegies.', "I had just about given up on cooking potatoes with the skin left on because I couldn't for the life of me seem to get them clean enough to get rid of that nasty dirt flavor.Ahhhhh. This little brush works wonders. I glad I happened across it and got it. When you are cleaning the tater you can see the difference between an uncleaned spot and a clean spot. The brush is large enough to make even big spuds quick work.I'm 6 foot tall and have about average to large hands and the brush is just the right size. If your hands are bigger the brush should still be perfect. If you are petite and have really small hands you may want to get a brush with a handle.", "Very happy I bought this little brush for getting the wax covering off apples. Also use it on pears and potatoes and carrots. If fruit has gotten soft like ripe peaches, then it's a little too stiff, but the soft brushes won't really work on the hard stuff. So you really do need both.", "This is the best vegetable brush I've ever used!  My old one was really soft and barely got the dirt off of vegetables.  The bristles on this one are just right!  Stiff enough to really clean the veggies (I've never had cleaner baked potatoes!) and soft enough that it doesn't tear the skins, even on the thinner-skinned sweet potatoes!  I just love it and it has a place of honor right above my sink, in easy reach!  The size and grip is perfect, too!  Love it!Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush", 'I bought this for $3.99 and the shipping on it was free, by itself.  It feels secure in your hand and it has done a good job so far.  I would not recommend that you use it as a replacement for a peeler, but it definitely deserves your consideration to scrub the dirt and chemicals from the outside layer of vegetables.The circular grip is something that will probably be hit or miss for some people, as would a long handle for other people.  I like the ergonomics of this product and I think others would as well.', 'GOOD LITTLE BRUSH FOR THE MONEY. SIMPLE, FUNCTIONAL, ATTRACTIVE -- LIKE MOST OXO PRODUCTS. THIS DOES THE TRICK.', "So happy I bought this! Since I'm pregnant, I'm being more vigilant about washing fruits and veggies before eating them. This has really been a lifesaver. The bristles are soft enough that I can wash everything from broccoli to potatoes to nectarines. Highly recommended at this great price too! It is cheaper than Target, etc.", 'The Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable Brush does just what it says. It fits in the hand nicely and does a good job cleaning vegetables.  I would highly recommend this product.', 'This seems to be a quality brush with a nice feel for gripping. It has closely cropped and quite stiff bristles. Hopefully, it will last a long time.', "I don't like this at all, it is hard to use compared to the handle vegetable brush that I do use.  It is hard to hold on to and scrub the vegetables at the same time.  I didn't return it because it didn't cost very much and seemed silly to return it, but I don't use it.", 'This brush has just the right &#34;stiffness&#34;. The size is right and it is very secure in your hand.Very comfortable to use.', "This brush is well made...fits well in my hand...sturdy bristles and cleans very easy.  The OXY brand has once again stood up to its' reputation!!", 'FITS YOUR HAND PERFECTLY!  DOES A GOOD JOB ON VEGIES.  CLEANS EASILY.  THIS ITEM WOULD BE GREAT FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE ARTHRITIS, VERY EASY TO GRIP.', "These brush has nice, firm bristles that are great for brushing just about anything; fruits, veggies, potatoes, etc.  I love OXO, and I'm glad they didn't let me down with this one.", 'It fits very comfortably in my hand and makes scrubbing potatoes and other veggies very easy. I wish I would have seen this a long time ago. Now I plan to buy more for gifts and to have an extra for myself.', 'Perfect for scrubbing potatoes and mushrooms. Comfortable grip and great OXO quality. Not too soft nor too abrasive, just what I needed.', 'I bought this to use for cleaning dishes and light scrub on pans.  It does the job nicely especially with it being round and the best thing of all....it floats!  No more reaching into the dirty bottom of the dishpan where the ick settles when scrubbing dishes/pans by hand.', 'Nice ergonomic handle and soft but sturdy bristles. Takes the grime off root vegetables very easily. I hardly peel carrots anymore after a good cleaning with this brush.', "this thing is worth every penny! I dont know how people could say they wish the bristles were stiffer... If the bristles were any stiffer it would scrub off the skin of the vegetables! it already scrubs off the outter layer on mushrooms as it is! but it fits my big hands and my fiance's little hands great! Love it!", 'large size of brush, makes it very easy to hold while cleaning vegetables. bristles are not too stiff, nor too soft.', "Recently I've been switching out a lot of the stuff in my kitchen with OXO brand versions.  Every time I try a new one out it just seems to work.  Given there is nothing revolutionary about a vegetable brush but this one just works well.  Its got an easy to grip surface, is ergonomic, and easy to clean.  In the end thats whats important and OXO delivers on that.", 'Perfect size for scrubbing fruits and veggies.  Plus, it is dishwasher safe and sturdy!', 'This brush is great for washing carrots, corn silk, and even more fragile berries because the bristles are so soft', 'I use this brush to scrub my potatoes, apples, and vegetables (bell peppers, mostly) to get rid of dirt and pesticides. I have had the brush several months and it is still going strong. I leave it bristles-up so that they dry in between uses. Very comfortable to use because of the soft rubber handle. I will purchase a second if I ever lose this one or the bristles wear out.', 'This is a good vegetable brush, fits nicely in my hand, cleans the vegetables well.  I use it with a vegetable wash from The Honest Company.', 'Great product for a very reasonable price. I really like the way it fits in my hand and it scrubs the potatoes great!', "Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushA truly indispensable piece that every kitchen should have.  This more than just a vegetable brush, but it's intended use is better than others on the market.  This brush cleans the soil off of potatoes, carrots, and turnips, beets and radishes, no matter how round, bumpy, or odd the surface, this brush's flexible body will follow the contours. The nylon bristles are strong and sturdy, dislodging dirt in deep nooks and crannies. The Good Grips line features durable, nonslip flexible handles on every product. better than anything that I've used.Some of the features are:* Flexible body follows the contours of unevenly shaped vegetables* Great for cleaning carrots and potatoes, beets, broccoli, and more* Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly* Nylon bristles clean thoroughly;dishwasher safe* Measures 5 by 2-3/4 by 2-1/4 inches; weighs 2 ouncesErgonomically designed to fit the palm of your hand comfortably and softly, the pressure-absorbing processed rubber handle puts less tension on the hands, while providing an outstanding grip. Made from the same material as dishwasher gaskets are constructed of, the handles are slip-proof, wet or dry, as well as dishwasher-safe.This brush cleans dirt off of sneaker bottoms, sand off of beach furniture, even the nooks and crannies around the BBQ grill, just make sure things are cold and off before cleaning the grill.  As the days pass more and more uses seem to crop up for this little in hand cleaning tool. This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite", "Never thought I'd be writing a review for a vegetable brush. The fact that I am should illustrate how good this thing is, as is everything I own from OXO. The grip feels nice in your hand and allows for easy motion, and the bristles are firm and don't wear out. I use it to wash fruits and veggies all the time.", "I'm reviewing this even though I never bought it, for some reason Amazon put it in my items to review. I bought other OXO stuff and it is all good so this probably is too but what do I know. It is a brush, probably brushes stuff, yee-haw!", "This is the best veggie brush I've ever owned.  It cuts scrubbing time in half, and it's held up very well (for 6 months).", "I've used many vegetable brushes, mostly the horseshoe shaped with a handle, purchased from stores such as Sears,pennies, the ...marts, & kitchen stores. I was skeptical of the positive reviews about this one. I haven't had it a week yetbut so far it is clearly the best I've ever used! I've cleaned large carrots, turnips, & parsnips with it. I am impressed how well it fits in my hand & the ease & superior way it cleans. Not only better cleaning but faster. Strongly recommend.", 'I have had this brush for more than a year.  And yes it still looks new.  It work so well on root vegetables. (Potatoes, carrots, etc)  I have used it to clean celery and wash fruit.  The bristles aren\'t soft but they are not stiff either.  Just right for my needs. And the sand and grit, the dirt all of this is gone without peeling.  I used to peel all my potatoes, now the new ones are eaten with the skin on and the thicker ones if they are baked well Hey I can eat the skin and not worry about "cleanliness" I love the potato skins on my baked potatoes.  This little brush added to my gustatory pleasure.', 'I got this brush to replace my vegetable brush that had a handle and was all plastic.  The OXO brush is easy to hold and I have much better control when scrubbing potatoes.  The bristles are much finer so that it removes more dirt and grit.', 'If you have to scrub/wash your vegetables, this is a wonderful brush and easy to handle.', 'We use this vegetable brush daily.  We bought it several years ago and it is still in great shape today!  With all of the stuff that is sprayed on veggies these days, using this makes me feel much better about the food I am feeding my family.  It is very comfortable in the hand and is small enough to sit next to the sink and not take up a lot of valuable kitchen space.', "It's a good veggie brush.  Pretty straight forward.  Soft bristles brush dirt off your veggies.  Rubber handle doesn't slip out of your hand when wet.", 'Oxo Good Grips Flexible Vegetable BrushThe bristles are *more* than firm enough and the brush itself is designed to facilitate ease of use when cleaning fruits or vegetables.If we had one suggestion that would be followed, the brush would be just a little larger.Reviewers who comment on the bristles being too soft must want or need a steel-wool pad instead!', "This brush is easy to hold as it fits in the palm of your hand and the handle is thick and the bristles are long enough you can curl your fingers around it and still not hit the veggies with long nails.  It also cleans up well in the dishwasher so you don't have to worry about spreading germs.", 'This works great for cleaning vegetables. Easy to hold in your hand. I used it on potatoes and it worked great.', 'I\'ve never used a vegetable brush before, but after scrubbing potato skins until my skin started to prune, I figured I\'d try it when it was on sale.Wow! I didn\'t realize how well a simple device like this could work! Scrubs and cleans potato skins perfectly, and about 90 percent faster than scrubbing with your fingers alone.This is just a great little implement, one of those things that makes an annoying chore go so much faster.Highly recommend for "non brush" types like myself.', 'I am very glad I purchased this brush.  It fits nicely in my hand and gets the job done.  I purchased a bag of potatoes which turned out to be the dirtiest I have ever seen. This brush gets them clean!', "I generally appreciate OXOs thought into design, and this brush is no exception.  It's a little bigger than the last one I had, which I didn't love when I saw it in person, but in the end it's comfortable to hold and it gets the job done.  The size comes in handy when scrubbing potatoes, etc, it's much less &#34;handy crampy&#34; than my last one was.  Would buy again, would certainly recommend this for any cook getting older and having arthritis issues.", 'Cleaning veggies is not my favorite job, but this little brush makes it go quickly and does an efficient job.  Thanks OXO and Amazon!', "I don't know why this says flexible because it is definitely made of hard, but grippy, rubber. It takes a little more pressure to get into the crevices of unevenly shaped veggies. It does fit nicely in my hand, though.", 'This great little vegetable brush is sturdy yet flexible and cleans up great.  Fits in my hand perfectly.  Delivery was fast as well.', 'Nothing fancy, its a brush with hard bristles.Cleans the veggies without using any &#34;veggie washing soap&#34;.My husband accidentally mistook it for the Grill brush and used it on the BBQ grill. It turned all black and greasy. But i soaked it in Hydrogen Peroxide over night, and it was as brand new. So now i know stain and grease can be removed from it.Recommend it, especially if you get veggies from farmers market often.', 'I have been cooking for a long time.. 45 years in fact. This is the absolute best little kitchen item I own. It is without a doubt the best vegie brush ever. It actually cleans the vegies and does it with little effort.I am planning on getting more to give to my kids and friendss.. they must have one!It is easy to hold ( I do not have big hands) anddoes what it is meant to.I love it, and you will too.', 'My favorite scrub brush!  Great for scrubbing vegetables like potatoes.  I have also used it to brush out food from the intendations on Tupperware lids and the like.  Much better than a toothbrush!  Also good after a dirty session in the garden to get the grime off my hands and finger nails!  Very, very ergonomic!!!', "It's so comfortable, and that's a concern. But also, it really manages to clean vegetables. I cannot imagine a better compromise.I maintain a list of stuff to make my orders up to $25, and that's what prompted this purchase, but I have to say that it's well worth buying even absent that. I eat a lot of vegetables, and I use this a lot.", "Wow!! What a Vege brush! This little brush has a comfortable feel. The bristles conform to the shape of the potato, carrots, mushrooms or whatever vege you are cleaning no matter the shape or size. It really goes to work without damaging the skin. It cleans well and is also very easy to clean. I'm impressed with this nifty little brush. Worth more than the money spent for it!", "This scrubber is great!  It is inexpensive, visually unintrusive, and gets the job done.  Fits perfectly in the palm of your hand.  I had been concerned about the 'handle' being rock hard after reading some other reviews.  Sure it isn't soft and squishy, but it is somewhat pliable and feels comfortable in your hand.  Easy to clean.  The bristles are very strong, much stronger than other veggie scrubbers I have had in the past.All in all, you won't be disappointed with this little veggie scrubber!Update:After using the scrubber for about a month, the bristles are getting a bit limp.  I'm not sure if this is because I put it through the dishwasher or just general breaking in.  It still does the job and is a good value for the money.  I'm not returning it, but I definitely see why all the other folks complain about the bristle stiffness.", 'Nice little vegetable scrubber.  Fits in the palm of your hand.  Bristles are sturdy and do the job.  Very happy with my purchase.', "This is very easy to hold veggie brush. It's not only comfortable and sturdy, but kind of cute, too!", 'It makes it clean.  I eat. I feel happy and then take nappy.  It is plastic handle brush with bristles.  It good.', 'Perfect size to fit in the palm of your hand.  Works nice and no complaints.  Nice stiff bristles . .', "For under $4, every kitchen should have one of these veggie scrubbers!  It fits nicely in the palm of my hand, scrubs vegetables and cleans up easily with a toss into the dishwasher.After several uses, I've yet to see brush strands come loose - a problem I have had with previous veggie scrubbers.  I've used it on potatoes, yams, cucumbers and celery.  The brush bristles are strong enough to clean and soft enough not to scrape the veggie.I have no complaints.  I highly recommend this bargain vegetable brush.", 'I bought it to qualify for a free S&H, and it works great. Easy grip, stiff hair, but soft enough for any type of veggies from tomatoes to potatoes.', 'The hand is great for gripping.  The brush is stiff, and is best used for fruits and vegetables with thick skin.', 'OMG this is GREAT.  OXO is the best - high quality!  And because it is dishwasher safe - just fabulous!!!!  We use it on potatos and veges.  Love it!!!', 'The brush seems to be well-made and is very comfortable, but the bristles are extremely firm, I think they would only work on veggies like carrots and potatoes. The handle of this brush appears to be made completely of a rubberized plastic and is about 3 1/2 inches x 2 inches. The bristles are very short at about 1/2 of an inch long. As for the supposed "flexible" quality of the brush, I haven\'t noticed any flexilibity so I don\'t really know what they are talking about, but that is neither here nor there.', 'As other reviews state, this brush &#34;fits easily in the palm of your hand.&#8221;It&#8217;s especially nice for fragile fruits and veggies as it doesn&#8217;t rip the skin off, yet it also does an excellent job of removing imbedded dirt from potatoes.', 'Works well and cleans up well in the dishwasher. Basic item. The whole Oxo good grip thing is probably a whole lot less important on a veggie brush than for some of the other kitchen tools.', 'I like this product. It works well for fruits and veggies. Especially getting that extra dirt off of potatoes. I will buy again when I need it.', 'I like this!  Cleans and does not damage skin.  We like the skin on vegetables.  Very sturdy brush makes cool water cleaning easy.', 'This does the job for a good price.  It is worth the buy.  Not very fancy, but very easy to use.', "This works as advertised. I haven't had bristles fall out or anything wrong with it. There is nothing about it that makes be think it is better then any other brush but I don't expect a lot out of a brush just to do the job it is intended for.", "I bought this little vegetable scrub brush because I was tired of using paper towels to scrub vegetables every time I cooked them.This brush has been great so far. It has strong bristles and is very easy to handle. I trust highly in the Oxo name and haven't been let down by one of their products yet.I highly recommend this product, especially for the price.You can't beat it with Amazon Prime.", 'This gets the job done.  I purchased this after reading a review on a  cast iron grill pan that I purchased.  This works very well to remove on stuck on food from my grill pan and makes cleaning so much easier. The bristels are tough enough to get food off, but has not scratched the non-stick of my grill pan.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.', "I've been looking for a really good vegetable brush for awhile now and hip hip hooray I've found the perfect brush. It has sturdy bristles, not to big, does the best job and fit perfectly in my palm. I've tried a number of vegetable brushes before only to throw them out because their bristle have gone limp on the job after a short usage. I've purchased OXO brand items before and have been very happy with the items. I can now say with full confidence that the vegetable brush can be added to the list of very dependable products. It does an especially fine job on potatoes and lemons. I'm so glad that I chose this particular vegetable brush.", "Does exactly what you'd expect.  Small price, yet as an OXO product, there is nothing cheap about it.  Holds up well in the dishwasher.", "It's well designed, well manufactured, comfortable to hold in your hand, reasonably priced. Just what I was looking for, just what I expected from OXO.", 'and cleans well and looks fine. Fits my hands well and works great. Is this the British company Oxo in London?', 'Good brush for use in the kitchen. I use this strictly in the washing of my vegetables and in the removal of silk from the ears of corn.', 'This brush is perfect.  Fits in the hand so comfortably and works great.  I am going to get one for my daughter-in-law.', "I've just received this today, March 28, 2009, and have already put it to good use cleaning potatoes while preparing to roast them.  I find this vegetable brush a LOT easier to hold and use than other vegetable brushes I have used in the past!  It fits easily into my hand and does not slip out while cleaning potatoes under running water.  I've also used this to clean celery and it came out great!  I'm looking forward to testing this product on other root vegetables such as beets and carrots.  I am curious as to how it will stand up to corn on the cob still shrouded in silk and what other vegetables to try this on.  As soon as I can test it with corn silk, or any other vegetable, I'll be updating this review.", "Fits in the palm of your hand nicely.  It does a fine job on scrubbing vegetables.  It's a brush and it works.", "This brush is easy to use as are most all Good Grips products, and does a nice job of brushing of surface dirt from veggies.  For items like potatoes, the bristles get into the little pockets here & there & clean them quite well.  I've purchased another & may yet get several more for Christmas stocking material.", "If you want to scrub your fruit or veggies before eating them, this is the perfect brush for that. I know the skin of veggies contain a massive amount of vitamins and I want to keep them while cooking or whatever and don't want to peel them, so I simply use this brush that gently scrubs the veggies (with running water) without damaging the skin and then proceed to cook them and therefore, retaining all the vitamins!! I love it and highly recommended.", "I use this on a daily basis or nearly so.  It's a perfect fit for my hand and the bristles are stiff enough to do the job but not destructive.  OXO has done it again.", 'I use this brush to clean all of my fruits and vegetables before I juice them. It gets into all the crevices and cleans very well. It is easy to hold onto and is very useful!', 'I use this for veggies, fruit, certain food appliances. Simple, works well, washable, fits in hand well. What more can you say about a scrubber?', "This vegetable brush is extremely easy to handle, too. Simple to clean, as well. Don't know how I lived without it until now.", "I had been looking for a good vegetable brush for a long time.  Although this brush does not fulfill my definition of the &#34;perfect brush&#34;...it is excellent.  Just the right amount of bristle stiffness, right heft, fits my hand (and my wife's too) perfect.  I always expect quality stuff from Oxo, and they didn't let me down on this brush.  Buy with confidence.", "I always look for OXO before purchasing other brushes or kitchen items.  This brush is strong enough for a potato but soft enough for a tomato.  OXO makes a great product and you can't go wrong if you need a cleaning or kitchen product.  Amazon usually has free S&H and that's another plus.", 'I want my garden veggies to take the shortest route possible from garden to stove. This brush helps me make short work of the cleaning part.', 'Works great, really good quality, I use it all the time and it gets my veggies super clean!  I would buy this again.', "It's a brush. Its grip isn't terrible comfortable or uncomfortable, but it's a brush. It's compact. The bristles are in good shape still.", "This handy little brush is small and doesn't take up a lot of space behind the faucet in my kitchen sink, and its bristles are just the right stiffness to clean most fruit (I don't think I'd use it on a tomato as pictured though). I also use it as a nail and hand brush, though it might be too harsh for folks with tender skin on their hands.", 'These brushes a great.  I bought two so my partner could help me clean veggies!  I do a big wash once a week after a trip to the store.  I liked this brush so much I just ordered my second.', 'Not sure why I have not had one of these before, but it makes things a heck of lot easier when I am cleaning carrots!', 'From reading the description, I was thinking this brush was soft and floppy.  Luckily, the "flexible" part must refer to the bristles, rather than the brush itself.The top of the brush is made with the standard Oxo soft rubber.  It is molded to fit easily and naturally in the palm of a hand, and is very easy to hold, even when wet.  The bristles are firm enough to get the dirt off mushrooms or potatoes, but not so firm that they damage the skins.It is a very useful little brush, doesn\'t take up much space in a drawer, and is easy to hold and use.  Plus, it feels more expensive than it is, which is always nice!', 'Like everyone else says on here... It fits great in your hand and works great.  I love this product.  Good job Oxo!  Great job on Amazon too for fast shipping.', 'I have used this vegetable brush for just over a year, and it still looks brand new.  The bristles have not bent or fallen out.  It fits into the hand nicely, and is easy to use. The bristles are stiff enough to take care of business, but not so stiff that they rip up the skins on the vegetables.  Because the bristles are not harsh, I also use the brush on my hands to clean off ground-in dirt or paint.  Best of all, I can pop it into the dishwasher and restore it to germ-free cleanliness.  I am very satisfied with this product.', "We wash all our fruit with this brush, and it's great. Soft enough that it doesn't do damage, but firm enough that the fruit is visibly free of any dirt, dust, or wax.  The brush gets into the crannies, say around the stem of an apple. It's comfortable to hold in your hand, so it's not a pain even to wash, say, a dozen apples as they come home from the store.", 'Got this veggie brush to fill out an order.  Imagine my surprise when I actually use this thing and its awesome!  I grill a lot of squash and zucchini and never realized what a difference a good scrubbing could make!  No more gritty grilled veggies!Cleans easily, drys quickly, stores anywhere.', 'Best brush ever.  Washes out clean, bristles are firm but not scratchy.  Tucks away conveniently. No problem with bristles falling out.', 'We find it perfect for cleaning veggies including potatoes. Love how it fits in the palm of your hand. And without a handle it takes little space for storage.', "Like most all of the OXO products, this brush is well made with nice stiff brush hairs to scrub, scrub and scrub those dirty potatoes, carrots (if you don't want to peel), sweet potatoes or any other veggies you want to give a good bath before you eat it.  Fits in the hand nicely, big enough size to cover a lot of area fast and looks like it should last for decades!", 'I have been ordering and using this for years. This is the best kitchen brush. Its look is simple yet it is very versatile. I use it to clean fruits and vegetables, such as apple, orange, pear, peppers, celery. It can also be used things around bathroom, for example, it effectively remove calluses from pumice stone. I regularly sanitize these brushes, they really last very long. The bristles stay stiff for quite a long time before getting softened a bit.', 'Its a vegetable brush, what can you say, it works. The reason for only four stars is unlike other Oxo Good Grips, this is a bit small to hold tightly.', 'I love this little scrub brush as you can see the dirt washing off and I feel like my veggies are much cleaner than they ever were with my old brush.  It takes a little muscle though and they way you hold it is fine except if you have arthritis or stiff fingers this one may not be for you as you really need to grip it.', 'This is the best veggie scrubber I ever bought. The handle is easy to hold and the bristles are stiff. You can easily scrub all the dirt off of a potato and by using light pressure it also works well for delicate vegetables like mushrooms. I also like it because when I feel like it needs a deep cleaning I just throw it in the dishwasher (which also kills bacteria). I have had it for a couple of months and it is still in great shape. When I do need a new one I will buy this exact same one again.', 'This is exactly what I wanted for a veggie brush.  The bristles are short and firm and do a great job scrubbing potatoes and carrots so that the dirt is gone, and I can cook with the skin on.  Most vegetables are more nutritious this way.', "This is yet another great Oxo product - I haven't met an oxo gadget I didn't like... so far! This scrubber is easy to hold and makes quick work of cleaning potatoes. It definitely takes the dirt off quickly and easily. Highly recommend.", 'Cleaning vegetables is a chore that is a necessary evil. The oxo vegetable brush fits nicely in the palm of my hand and has bristles that are just stiff enough to clean and not damage soft skin fruit. To me, it was a no-brainer.', "I have always had mushroom brushes but as I began to include more fresh vegetable in my diet I started looking for a good, all purpose vegetable brush.  That was several years ago and since then I've collected several.  The thing that I like about the Oxo is that it is easy to hold onto even though I have large hands.My only complaint is that it is a little soft for giving potatoes that thorough scrub that they need.  It works but I prefer a brush with stiffer bristles (which I have so no big deal).  I've owned this for close to a year and it looks like new.  I have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years.", 'This works great so far, it works great and is easier to clean than i though it would be! i highly suggest this !!', "OXO didn't really do anything to reinvent the vegetable brush on this product -- which is odd considering fixing something that isn't quite right about a utensil is their core business. I've used other vegetable brushes that work equally well and feel equally comfortable in my hand. The one thing that makes this brush nicer than the others I've used is a more stylish look which lets me leave it out on my countertop by the sink. The bristles also seem stiffer and haven't showed any signs of wearing down like an old toothbrush. That may happen later with more use, but so far, so good!UPDATE: After over a year of use, I can say this is still the best little vegetable brush I've ever bought. The bristles are STILL stiff, and that's with a lot of use over the past year. It's worth the extra money.", "By far the best veggie brush ever. The bristles are just the right length and unlike other brushes I've used before, they don't flatten out. The shape is ergonomically perfect, at least for me and much easier to use than those with handles. Morever, whether it's because of the bristles or that I'm able to grip it really well, potatoes get REALLY clean. I've even used it on tomatoes (don't exert a lot of pressure), celery, grapefruit, oranges, turnips, parsnips, and carrots. I'm even thinking of getting another one to use for pots and pans - to get baked-on goo off. It's that well made and sturdy. And, it's dishwasher safe. This is a product that's both reasonably priced and does exactly what it's supposed to do. No bells, no whistles, it just works!", 'Got this for cleaning my veggies. I thought that without a handle it would be a pain, but it turns out it was actually much easier to hold and easier to scrub harder then a brush with a handle.', "It fits perfectly in the palm of my hand, very comfortable to grip.  The bristles are firm. Does it's job perfectly, couldn't ask for better.", 'Well named, the best attribute of the Oxo Good Grips Vegetable brush is its rubber grip, which is oval shaped with a rounded top, and fits near perfectly in the palm of your hand, allowing you to get a rock solid grip, and effectively apply cleaning force.  The bristles are short, (0.6 inches), and of moderate stiffness, so when you scrub, there is some give, but not a lot, and with a palm sized brush, you know exactly where the bristles are.  The rubber grip remains easy to hold, even when wet.  The brush is a little pricey, but it is very well designed, and feels great in your hand.  It does a very good job of cleaning vegetables, and at other general cleaning tasks.Unless the product has been redesigned, the brush pictured does not appear to be current version of the Good Grips Vegetable brush.  The brush in the photo looks more circular rather than oval, and rather than having ridges that circle around the edges, the sides of the Good Grips brush are smooth.', "I love OXO products. This works as advertised (would be hard to fail). The only notable thing is that I got a different model. It isn't completely round with the low profile, mine is oblong and seems to be about twice as tall as the one in the photo.", 'Good quality and it has held together for about 2 months now without coming apart.  I use it for scrubbing "stuff" rather than for scrubbing vegetables because the bristles are a bit stiffer than expected.  Still, I like the price and that amazon prime convenience.', 'So easy to use. Fits nicely in your palm.I much prefer these of brushes that have a long handle. This gives you much more control to brush fruits and vegetables. Such a simple design, yet so effective.', "I love this little stiff bristle vegetable brush, I purchased this for use in my RV, now I need to buy one for my home and a couple more for use as hand brushes, the black handle fits well into my hand, the handles are made of a course rubber, they don't get slippery when using for all my vegetables, easy rinse off to clean.", 'Works great for crepes....at least my husband, the cook in the family says so. When our first one broke (after years of use) he requested another one. Super thin and flexible.', "Here's a tip:  spray the spatula with Pam, then wipe it with a paper towel.  Rewipe every dozen cookies.Between this spatula, cookie scoop and my airbake cookie sheets, I feel like a real cookie pro.  Cookies practically levitate off the sheet and onto the cooling rack.  The gooey melty ones don't even stick--if you spray the spatula first.Take care.  This spatula is very thin and you must treat it like a lady.  It is not for flipping pancakes or burgers.  It if for lifting cookies.  This is a specialized tool.  Store it by hanging it from the handle if you can and wash it by hand.", 'I bought this because it was recommended by Cooks Illustrated.  It is very thin and can get under anything.  It flips very easily.  But you have to get used to how it works.  Its very flexible.  The first time or two, take your time.  But I would buy it again', 'I was a little surprised at how flexible this spatula really is. I have used it for a few months and it has been good and handy.', 'Sadly, I needed to replace a very flexible spring steel turner that had age-hardened and cracked.  I use cast iron, while others in the family use non-stick, and I needed two different turners.  I looked for them at various places, and was very disapointed at the selection: all were too thick and not at all flexible.  Amazon to the rescue!  They had the OXO Good Grips listed as a "large flexible turner".  I bought the stainless version for the cast iron pans, and a silicone over stainless version for the non stick.The stainless version is fantastic.  First, it is large enough to flip large pancakes without tearing them.  Second, it is very thin and springy.  Third, the blade is very genty curved in a manner that causes it to be stiff when it is needed.  Oh, and fourth, the handle, as on all OXO products, is, well, just right.  How do they do that?When I first held it in my hand, I thought the blade would be too large for flipping a fried egg.  Not so.  It took only a minute or so to get the hang of using it, and I have not broken a yolk since beginning its use.It may be hard to find this model, but I highly recommend holding out for it if you use cast-iron pans or non-treated steel cookie sheets.  There simply isn\'t a better, thinner, or more flexible turner that I have found, and I looked a lot of places.OXO Good Grips Large Silicone Flexible TurnerThe second model, the silicone covered stainless turner, is also great if you have non-stick.  It is more "mid-size" than the larger model I just described.  The entire blade is covered in a smoky-colored silicone sleeve that has nicely tapered edges and is very strongly attached.I find the nylon versions too thick, not flexible enough, and hard enough that they can damage the coating on non-stick pans (even high qualtiy ones) if the nylon blade approaches the pan at the wrong "scraping" angle.So give yourself or someone you know who cooks a wonderful and inexpensive present they are certain to use and depend upon for years.  Buy one of these turners!', "This is yet another item I bought based on a recommendation from Cooks Illustrated.  In the interest of full disclosure I have to admit that I've only used it for removing cookies so far but it has performed great.  I'm not into making huge half pound burgers but I can easily imagine this being sturdy enough to handle quarter pound burgers like I prefer and other items that are not excessively heavy.  It was a purchase that I don't have any regrets about making and I recommend it to anybody looking for a good dependable spatula.", "This is the spatula you've been looking for!  It is very thin and extremely flexible.  I just finished using it for a batch of chocolate chip cookies and it is incredible.  It easily slips under each and every cookie for easy removable with no broken cookies!  With holiday baking just around the corner, I would highly recommend this spatula for everyone who enjoys baking.", 'I had picked one of these ones up from TJ maxx one time and gave it away then couldnt find it anywhwere.. It is perfect for flipping fish, over medium or over easy eggs and delicate desserts/ fresh baked cookies. It has a very think steel plate for a head and it is nice and wide, about 4 inches and has just the right flexibility and firmess when you need it.  nice longhandle makes it good for grilling fish and not burning your hand. Defintely reccomend to anyone who is a lover of kitchen gadgets and tools or bakes a lot. . I will use this for ever!', 'Wish the description made it clear that this is a piece of crap scrapey metal.  OXO usually makes fantastic kitchen utensils, but this is a bust.  Terrible.', 'This simple little product delivers. I use it all the time and it never disappoints.Edit: 12/9/12I  bought two more of these recently. They are incredible. They are very durable and strong enough to flip heavier food than I thought but still wafer thin and flexible enough to perfectly handle delicate food such as eggs and omlettes, tender fish fillets, and any item with a golden crust I wish to keep intact. I am so spoiled by these that I rarely use a "normal" spatula anymore. I reach for these and only put them down if the food is just too heavy.So why buy 2 more if these are so incredibly durable? Well, I\'m sure the manufacturer never intended for them to be used to heat flour tortillas directly on the stove element. Yes, I can hardly believe it myself but my husband started doing exactly that, much to my irate amazement! Yes, we have a griddle for that. A huge argument ensued over the misuse of my beloved spatula, so to save our marriage, I bought 2 more for me. The one my husband uses has survived very well, but recently one of the rivets holding one side of the blade to the handle broke. It still works, imagine that, even with the extreme heat and weight demands. Good thing I have a spare one for when his finally breaks!', 'It is thin, flexible and wide enough for anything.  Perfect for making eggs!  Flipping pancakes is great too!  I use this for everything cause of its bendability, it makes it so much easier that a thicker non bendable spatula!  will def buy another when mine wears out!', 'Love this spatula.  Use it literally every day making eggs for breakfast.  It is very easy to slip under over easy eggs with out breaking them.  Holds a lot of weight for such a slim design.  Would recommend and would by again if needed.', "i have been on a quest to find the perfect spatula and i thought this would be it.  the first couple usages were great, but then they started to get really stained and no matter how hard i scraped and scrubbed, i couldn't get the bits of food off them.  in theory, it's a great idea but actually using them is not.  i cook every day and need a sturdy utensil.  this was not it.  i am still looking for the perfect spatula !", 'This is nice and thin and works great. Love the inexpensive price as well. Perfect for pancakes and hamburgers as well.', "I understand the need for a spatula to be thin and flexible, but this one is too flexible.  It's as if someone cut the spatula out of an old coke can.  It can hardly lift anything at all, and I find it just stays in the drawer unused.", 'The reason I buy Oxo products is thoughtful design!  The flat metal on this spatula has been warped ever so slightly to create a concave surface that flexes up easily but down poorly.  The resulting stiffness gives the blade enough rigidity to pick up hambergers but is flexible enough to slide under cookies and pancakes. BRILLIANT!', "I wanted a spatula that was very thin (it is) that could get under eggs without ripping them (it does) and that didn't bend under the weight (it doesn't).  Although it is lightweight, it is everything I was looking for and everything CI said it was.", "This spatula is incredible for cookies, and most likely for getting under fried eggs as well.  I don't use it for eggs because I use non-stick pans and I don't ever want to scratch them, but boy am I tempted to use this with them anyway (carefully, of course).  The super thin blade slides under cookies with amazing ease, and I wish I'd discovered this spatula years ago if only for cookies.  It certainly does appear fragile to some extent, but with proper care (and perhaps not using it to turn heavy things) it should last a long time.  I wouldn't throw it carelessly around in drawers, for example.  Great spatula, recommended for sure!", 'I had an older version of this spatula that broke after many years of use.  I love the thinness of this spatula for easily slipping undera variety of baked goods.  The flexibility is perfect for getting that first piece of cake out of the square or rectangular cake pan.Family uses it to flip the fried eggs, and it works so much better than the thicker plastic spatulas.  I could not do without one of these in my kitchen.', 'Works like a dream.. Very thin to use for cookies.  I really like it.  It bends easily against the rivets.  I recommend gentle use .  Use it for cookies only and you will be thrilled.', 'I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron skillet. It does a really great job for foods like fried eggs and bacon and smaller items. It is thin enough to easily get under delicate foods and light enough that I do not have to worry about damaging the seasoning on my pan.However, it is very flexible, as the description says. I feel like I have to be careful not to be too rough with it when I clean it or when dealing with heavier foods, as it seems like it would be easy to permanently put a crease in it.If you do a lot of cast-iron cooking, I would definitely recommend this spatula. Easily scrapes burnt-on bits off the pan and slides under foods easily.', 'The spatula end is very thin and very flexible while maintaining enough stiffness to be able to turn pancakes and eggs and a variety of other foods.The handle is the typical Oxo thick black rubber grip, and is very comfortable to use.Its worth the money for a high-mileage kitchen tool.', 'Some have written that this is too flexible.  In my view, it is not.  This type of flexible spatula take a few spins to get used to.  Burgers as well as crepes do fine. Just got it, so am just hoping the weld will last a reasonable time.  I had the last one for almost 8 years, before the weld wore out.', "Once I bought my first flexible stainless spatula I literally threw all my other spatulas out.  The thin blade makes this a really versatile piece of equipment.  I use it for lifting, scraping, scooping and even slicing. The  best feature on this particular model is the handle.  It's comfortable AND  you can lean the spatula against a hot pan without fear that the handle  will get too hot.", "This spatula will be useful if you do not use non-stick cookware most of the time. Good for flippind eggs or pancakes. Very thin spatula, slips under egg and pancakes with ease. Highly recommended ... if you don't use non-stick pans often.", "This is flimsy at best, and because it's so thin, I found it actually sticking really bad to my griddle and it stuck to pancakes. It seems like it would work well, but it just doesn't. Sorry OXO, I generally love your stuff, but this is not going to be used or recommended.", "America's Test Kitchen told me exactly what to expect here, and I got just that.  Great for everything except anything heavy - which I don't encounter too often in the frying pan.  Don't expect it to be a lifter or server.  It's awesome for pancakes, eggs, French toast, etc.  I've never used anything that gets under food as easy.", 'I bought this for friend who likes to make omelets and was have hard time flipping them in small skillet.  He is very pleased with this item. It has made what was frustrating a joy.', 'I absolutely LOVE this spatula.  This is perfect for getting under things in the fry pan, like eggs, and flipping them.  I also use it when baking bread to go between the pan and the bread and loosen it on the sides and underneath.  It is very flexible but yet sturdy enough to flip most things.I am now on my second one of these.  I *thought* I only had the first one maybe 2 years.  And if that was it - I would still rate it 5 stars.  I use this many many times per week and two years worth of work for $8 is a bargain.  However - when I went into Amazon to buy it again, it told me I had last bought this 7 YEARS ago!  SEVEN!  (time flies when you love cooking).  So - Basically I paid a little over $1 per year to use this a ton for things only it can do.  Tempted to buy 5 more and store them away in case they stop making them 7 years from now.', "I had been looking for a flexible spatula, but they are hard to find.  This works great on fish and also had good luck turning fried eggs.  I like the thinness too, because it's great for getting under cookies for quick removal from the pan.", 'I tried one of the OXO silicone head spatulas and found that it was somewhat bent, THIS OXO spatula (34491) is ***PERFECT*** -- extremely thin and flexible head, much thinner than the silicone/plastic ones by OXO -- really a delightful tool. Buy a COUPLE of these things, tools this nice grow legs. A good spatula is a nice tool -- makes your life easier and better.', "It's a basic steel spatula, very good for cookies, fish, etc. I'm not sure if other peoples' vary, but, while mine is very flexible, so long as it's in its concave shape (if you pop it the wrong way, it'll be convex and very weak), it's strong enough for anything you should be lifting with it.", "I just love this fexible spatula.  I just bought a new frying pan and decided it was time I learned to cook eggs over easy.  Well I tried the expensive flexible one from Sonoma and the eggs broke in the pan.  My kitchen-aide spatula couldn't do the job either. I just happened to see this spatula in the grocery store and figured I'd give it a try.  Well, lo and behold, it does everything I ever wanted a spatula to do.  I  can flip eggs like a pro now.Oxo Good Grips Silicone Flexible TurnerMarylynEdited to add, Beware the spatula will bend and cannot be fixed. Ours bent in the front making it useless. I wouldn't buy it. Never mind my first review, do not buy this spatula.", 'Really good for getting cookies off sheet. Everything I could have asked for. I had been looking for a while since my old one broke.', "The flexibility is great for cookies.  It's exactly what I needed.  The edge is thin enough to get underneath the cookie.", "This is even better then my old-beloved-Grandma-gave-it-to-me-spatula.  REALLY flexible and thin.  It slides under the stickiest of sticky-buns, pies, and eggs are lifted out perfectly without breaking the yolks under the &#34;sunny-side&#34; .  I'm going to order more of these as gifts.", "This is a very flexible spatula so isn't suited to general use but  when you need one like this it is wonderful. The only reason I don't give it 5stars is that this is my 3rd one. Because it is flexible it pulls on the solder points on the handle if you are moving something a bit heavy so eventually it pulls out at the joints. I have never seen one this thin anywhere else so can't compare it but OXO generally makes good, affordable equipment and I am happy with their quality.", "I was so pleased with this spatula that I ordered a second one as a gift.  It's great for turning softer items such as eggs.  Highly recommend.", 'This flexible turner is exactly what I needed!  I wanted something that would slide under hot cookies easily.  It does NOT garble up the bottom of my cookies.  I rarely use it for anything else.  One reviewer said the weight of her cookies bent the spatula down - I have never had that problem, but I tend to make smaller cookies rather than larger ones.It goes through the dishwasher on a regular basis.  It recently got jammed in the drawer as I was closing it and it sprang back to its original condition with only a very slight crease in the spatula part.  I was pleasantly surprised.', 'This spatula is thin enough to slide under chocolate chip cookies without disturbing a single chip!  With other spatulas I would end up ripping up the bottoms of the cookies, but not with this one.  I highly recommend this spatula.', 'Which is perfect for flipping eggs and not breaking the yolks when lifting out of the pan. Good for fish too.', "This review is basically a copy from the review I wrote for the smaller version of this spatula. They are essentially the same product with slightly different blade sizes. I hope this is OK.This spatula (and it's slightly smaller brother) replaces my Oxo SteeL spatula for pancakes and eggs. I'm pretty new in the kitchen so I'm just learning what works for me and what doesn't.The SteeL product line is nice. I don't have a bad thing to say about them. In particular the SteeL spatula is pretty heavy duty and well built. The problem is the blade is pretty thick which means I bulldoze pancakes and eggs and make a bit of a mess with the SteeL spatula.I can't remember how I found this one - ATK maybe? But after reading the reviews here I purchased it and this morning gave it a try. The blade feels kind of flimsy and is very thin. It bends easily and if you are too rough with it I believe it would permanently crease without much effort. However, for flipping pancakes and eggs it is perfect! It slides under the pancakes with no bulldozing and after the flip the pancake looks perfect.If I'm flipping hamburgers I'll use the SteeL spatula but for delicate breakfast foods like eggs and pancakes the Good Grips Flexible Spatula the right tool for the job.", 'flimsy metal seperated after a couple of uses, not happy', "This is a super tool for getting under and lifting food, especially if it's stuck. I looked a long time for this style.", 'I found the Spatula too flexible to support the food that I was cooking. Fish fillets fell off and broke apart.Not what I was expecting.', "I came across this item somewhere and have since purchased one for each of my children and my daughter's mother-in-law.  Not good for turning heavier foods, but absolutely the best for cookies or pancakes.  I think this is a must-have product!", 'Anything by oxo is amazing they are such a good high quality utensil. Once you buy one product you will want them all', 'I must say that when I first received the turner, I thought it to be so flimsy.  But when I used it, I found out why it was that way.  I took cookies off of the baking pan with ease...and I turned the pancakes perfectly!  Love this turner!!', 'Perfect Spatula. Flips eggs without moving them around the pan. Flexible but sturdy enough for most uses. Really love it', 'I love to use this for cookies. So thin it slides under like nothing. The only problem is it is so thin and hard to put in the drawer without ruining it.', 'This is a well made product as I have found of all the OXO Good Grip products I have bought. It is especially great for flipping eggs and smaller pancakes as It is so thin it easily slips underneath, without making a mess.', "I bought this spatula on the nice write-up by America's test kitchen. I had a few plastic ones that were really getting on my nerves. They would stick to eggs when you tried to turn them over, causing as mess. This new one works great. I'm glad I bought it.", "I bought this spatula after going through a few plastic ones that melted, wouldn't get clean, and just didn't work that great. This works like a charm and flips stuff real easy. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it can be pretty hard to get little bits of food off.", 'This product is wonderful for scrambled eggs and other light and soft items. Trying to use it to lift and flip heavier items is a challenge because the material of the spatula is so thin and flexible. For grilled sandwiches I have to use one of my sturdy plastic spatulas or else spill the contents of my sandwich. If this is going to be your only spatula, I would recommend looking at something else. If you intend it to round out your kitchen utensil collection, then it is great!', "I replaced a thicker silicone 'flipper' with this one and its smaller version.  These work much better.  They are strong enough and work better, plus they are thin enough to get underneath the food.  Good buy!", 'This turner is very good for turning food in a skillet. I used it turn some sticky carmelized onions and it handled the batch very well. It also cleaned up the edge of the plastic turner I was using. I am going to try it on some more items in the near future.', "This is my favorite spatula of all time!  Very hard to find locally, it is the finest, thinest, and most flexible I have ever had, and others who have seen it in use in my kitchen all want one!  Even though it is so light and bends so well, it is well-attached to the handle, does not lose shape with time.  I highly recommend it, and its sister, the large OXO flexible turner, too!  Can't be beat, especially for fragile foods, like easy-over fried eggs, and thin cookies.", 'This Spatula is perfect for flipping eggs.  If you break the yoke it is your own fault!  Of course this spatula can be used for many things, but my main reason for the purchase was frying eggs.', "This spatula is exactly what I've been trying to find.  It is sturdy enough to lift a 1/2 lb burger out of a cast iron pan, yet thin enough to slide it under the raw burger on my cutting board without distorting the side or bottom, and without moving the burger.  For regular cooking tasks such as steaks, chops, fish, etc., it works perfect.However, if you try to lift a brick like Cooks Illustrated did, it won't hold that much weight.  Since I generally eat food made from actual food, and not bricks, this works for my kitchen.", 'I was hoping this would replace a standard spatula, but it is too flimsy to handle anything other than eggs and light pancakes. Nice for cookies.', "This spatula has become a favorite tool in my kitchen.  The metal is thin, but has enough curve so that it won't flop or bend.  It's great for any fragile food.  I'd buy it again.", "I purchased this (based on Cook's Illustrated comparison of similar products).  The &#34;blade&#34; portion of this turner is very, very flexible (in on direction) but will hold quite a load.  Nice and thin and will get under just about anything - great for cookies!", "Flexible is right! This is paper thin! If that's what you want then you should get one of these! Today", "Got this to replace my thin spatula that is slowly disintegrating.  It's not as good as my beloved utensil, but it works.  The blade is very thin and slips under eggs perfectly.  The only complaint I have is that the blade is uniformly thin. My old spatula has a thin edge then the blade slowly widens, providing support.  This OXO spatula is not as stable, flexes easily and can snap, sending food flying unexpectedly.  It takes some getting used to, but I have found it to be a suitable replacement for a utensil no longer available.", 'This spatula is the first one I reach for now when I am cooking. Fantastic with eggs and other delicate food. Not sure if I will ever need to use the stiff ones again!', 'It looks and feels flimsy but it\'s very effective. We just dumped our flaking non-stick and aluminum cookware for cast iron. Learning to cook on iron is a work in progress but eggs over easy was a real challenge because plastic tools don\'t work very well. The key seems to be oil and keeping your metal tools and cookware lightly lubricated. We also purchased the Mistro oil sprayer and that\'s a real helper. Putting a little oil on this turner and the iron griddle made flipping eggs a breeze and it got several batches of cookies off the sheets with breaking a one. I can\'t believe how much better the food seems to taste coming off cast iron and I\'m glad this turner seems to have ended my frustration with frying, flipping and removing the eggs. It\'s deceptively thin and flexible design is exactly what makes it so functional so if you are cooking eggs on cast iron or cookies on non-treated sheets this is the tool you need.Update 4/10/01... My original review was titled "Deceivingly effective... it\'s great for eggs & cookies" and it was... for a very brief time. In the light use it has received in flipping a few eggs and several batches of cookies it has lost its edge and won\'t get a cookie off the sheet. It has never been used as a scraper and arrived with a nice sharp front edge that really gave it an edge in doing so well. It is so thin there\'s little chance you can put an edge back on it. However, I\'ll try to sharpen it a bit with a stone but, for the price, it should not be so dull so fast so I have to drop it from the original 5 stars down to 3 stars.', 'This turner works real well in mt cast iron and is easy to clean and very flexible love this buy', "Being so thin it's amazing how well it handles.  Cleans well and handle fits comfortably.  I highly recommend this little beauty.", "The oval edge helps be really get into the corner of the pot, and the way the handle is horizonal means I don't have to use and much strength to mash up my potatos/vegetables.  These two features make for a really great design.  I love this masher.", "This is a fantastic kitchen tool for mashing vegetables. While we primarily use it to make mash potatoes we also use this to help mash avocados when making guacamole!The masher works great and is very comfortable to use for long periods of time which really helps when making a lot of mashed potatoes. The masher is well constructed and feels like it will last a long time. For the price I don't think you will find a better masher out there.We have washed it in the dishwasher many times already and it has come out clean and in perfect condition each time.", 'As a potato masher it is up to the task, but if having really nice mashed potatoes is your objective then buy a good potato ricer likeB000OLA7KS', "We don't use this much on potatoes but more with bananas because we make banana bread 20x more often than mashed potatoes -- even us it for smashing avocados", 'This is a good product with a nice handle. Its easy to use and it does the job of mashing foods well.', 'Great masher.  I always hated all the other mashers and how you had to hold them.  With the handle horizontal vs. vertical it is easier to mash with less effort.  The only thing I would change on it would be to have the distance between the handle and the masher end farther apart.  Making mashed potatoes for a family of 8 my fingers would dip into the hot potatoes every once and a while.  But still love it', 'Like most OXO products that I have used it seems to be fairly well made. Good leverage. Mashes, does not squish.Would buy again', "This is a quick and easy way to have mashed potatoes without whipping out the hand mixer. You control the lumps and general texture.First, this is easy to use. Unlike a vertical masher, the OXO has an easy grip handle which is comfortable to use and requires far less &#34;muscle&#34;.  I like the fact that I have more control over the texture of my mashed potatoes. I like basic mashed potatoes that are on the lumpy side and the control you have using this masher will produce the perfect lumps. However, when I make my holiday mashers with cream cheese I can go as creamy as I want. This also can be used on sweet potatoes, squash, pumpkin, and even cooked apples.It is easy to clean due to its simple design and lack of crannies. Additionally, it is well made like all OXO products. It's not easy to find good mashers, but I don't need to look further since I found this gem.", 'This masher has pretty short handles but works perfectly by putting your weight over the item being mashed. Strawberries and peaches were first. Was opting for the Jamie Oliver Potato Masher but this one works just great. Highly recommended.Jim in So Calif', "Finally I can make mashed potatoes without using my mixer.  I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 for thos who care) and I can use this tool.  Traditional potato mashers just require more grip than I have in my hand.  Plus the horizontal handle makes the pushing easier, as well.My mother  with mild arthritis likes this as well as her traditional masher.As with  most Oxo tools it is highly ergonomic: it fits the hand and does the job  it's supposed to.", 'Works great, just as a potato masher should. I use it for mashing ripe fruit, too, for canning purposes.  I love OXO products.', "I use a ricer for mashed potatoes, but this masher is fabulous for making refried beans. The type of masher with wavy tines just doesn't do as good a job. My friends in Mexico tried to steal it from me, so I bought a few as gifts :D", "Bought this for my daughter - who has managed to destroy 2 other potato mashers - didn't even ask how.  Know OXO makes a good tool so  I thought she could try this one.  It does its' job fairly well and she says she is happy with it, but she is waiting for the day she can inherit the potato masher that my mother used, I currently use - and was bought in 1955.  The two side bars does make it a bit harder to use in certain pots - and it is short for some taller pots - but nothing you can't work around.", "I was able to mash 7 large potatoes into creamy perfection within 10 seconds.  I've never been able to do that before.  Better than even a food processor.The handle is shorter than most mashers, allowing superior leverage.  Plus, the size and design of the mashing head allows the potatoes to freely squish through the masher, making it easier and not allowing overmashing.  The potatoes are mashed perfectly.", "Solidly constructed of heavy stainless steel with rivets connecting the masher to the handle.  Its size and heft make it sitable for other purposed too.  When deep frying and a piece won't stay turned over for uniform cooking, this masher will keep your meat submerged for uniform browning.", "You can't beat this product. It makes mashing anything easy and consistent. Definately, an excellent buy.", "If you like mashed potatoes and need a device that will help you turn ordinary round potatoes into something mashed and yummy this is the thing you should buy.  If you are looking for a gizmo that will create grated cheese or something that will help achieve world peace then this is not the thing you should buy...unless you don't already have one because everyone should have one.", 'I had been using one of the new &#34;stylish&#34; mashers that had one single wire running in an S pattern but it always seemed to leave chunks and take forever.  After asking around I was recommended this style and it works so much better.  The pattern ensures an even mash and the handle makes it easy to use.', "Easy, cause of the design, it's real easy to mash... does a fine job, and you don't have to drag out the electric mixer....  easy to clean also.", "Does what the product was designed for. The longer handle also allows you to avoid getting potatoes all over your hands while mashing. The handle is also great quality and I'm able to maintain a constant, firm grip. Would highly recommend.", "The design staff at OXO really have it together. One after the other they create winners. This is no exeption. It's sturdily built, has a beautiful finish, and seems to have the perfect size and shape to mash the most potatoes with the least effort. My kind of tool. Besides, it looks great, and that doesn't hurt when it's off duty.", 'How long has it been since you peeled and boiled potatoes added milk, butter, and salt and pepper and then mashed them with one of these? My grandmother had one and I was surprised and happy to see one here. Does a good job without a lot of effort.', 'I prefer this type of handle for a potato masher to the sideways ones. I wish the sides were a thicker metal, but I think it will stand up to the test of time, it seems pretty heavy-duty. Love the material on the handle!', "I have always used a vertical potato masher, and I am not the biggest fan of this one where you have to push down.  You cannot go as fast and because the holes are so small, you can't make lumpy mashed potatoes.  This is fine with my, but my girlfriend is not a fan...  Overall it works, but I wouldn't buy it again", "I thought at first a masher was an impractical impulse buy but,now I'm glad I purchased it now more than ever as I use it more frequently.I have mashed potatoes,chick peas,califlower,and the like to save time and energy.It hasn't bent even under strain!Good value for this masher!", "Thank goodness for a good heavy duty masher that doesn't bend or mash properly. I will be mashing more than just spuds.", "Far superior to a vertical masher, I love this masher!  Its short handle helps you to avoid slipping around the potatoes when you're mashing and you can throw your weight into it, so to speak.  The grip is easy on your hand, and clean-up is a snap.I couldn't be more pleased.  Highly recommended.", "I got this for my wife because she always complained about mashing potatoes.  This thing didn't do a very good job.  She ends up continuing to mash the potatoes by hand.  We both hate lumpy mashed potatoes.", "I can't believe that I am so excited about such a simple kitchen tool. The vintage ricer which I used for more years than I will acknowledge has been retired.I looked at several different mashers and realized that ergonomically I needed the downward push. And this masher more than meets my expectations.  And shortened the time in the process.My only issue is that it must be stored in a larger drawer because of the size and not in my kitchen tool container.  Worth every cubic inch of storage.This is The One to buy. Sturdy, comfortable to use, economy of motion and easy to clean.", "This is an excellent masher. If you're doing skin on potatoes it clogs up slightly - but still made short work of a few batches of mashed potatoes (with and without skin) & mashing up sweet potatoes for another dish.The one flaw of the design? It's short handle. However, it's not a deal breaker. In fact - the plus-es of this more than made up for it's sole shortcoming. My old masher (vertical handle) was about the same height and had the same issue.There's only one masher I've used that I liked as much as this one - but it was literally twice the price (it's a Cuisinart model). However, I would still choose this one over that other model because there was no hand fatigue with the Oxo. My family loves mashed potatoes and when I make them I make a lot. This was definitely put through some trials for Thanksgiving. I'm looking forward to using it for Christmas, and for meals in between.", "This makes the smoothest mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, squash ever. Can't wait to mash baby food with it. Easy to clean too.", "This is my fifth different kitchen gadget made by OXO that has ultimately failed because it broke. Not a good track record, if you ask me. As a masher it worked fine on potatoes and whole tomatoes, the non-stick coating was a nice feature, the grip work fine. Recently I noticed the handle seemed a little loose. Then while we were cooking Thanksgiving dinner my husband was using it. He pushed down to mash and the whole thing came apart! The side pieces are inserted into the handle and appear to use tension and some type of bonding agent to hold it together. The repeated force of mashing things was too much for the masher, which misses the whole point, doesn't it? It was amazing my husband didn't cut himself on some of the pieces of exposed plastic, which were sharp. Could I glue it back together? Maybe. Is it worth it? No!11/26/12 update: Replaced this masher with the Jamie Oliver Stainless Steel Masher. Fabulous five star product, works much better than this ever did!!! It looks like OXO may have updated their design a bit from my version, but the ergonomics and function of the Jamie Oliver is far superior. Check out my review.", 'Decided to get this item instead of a potato ricer and I am not disappointed.  I wish it was a bit more heavyweight but it gets the job done.', "This tool is very well made, easy to clean and easy to hold. I steam and boil large amounts of veggis and keep them in the fridg. until I heat them up and add them as a side for my meals. I've been searching for a good masher that would shmush them up completely but still leaves some texture..... well I found it. I use this masher at least three times a week and it does a great job.", "Yep, it mashes potatoes. Yep, it's much better than the useless curved style that I used to have. Yep, I'm glad I bought it.", 'I have used this potato masher several times now, and I love it!  It easily mashes and seems to fluff the potatoes at the same time.  The handle is nice, easy to grip and is easy on the wrist.', "I used to make refried beans by mashing them with a fork.  It was messy, and half the time I'd burn my hand when I hit the side of the pan, since I had to hold the fork in an almost horizontal position for it to be effective.  I saw this potato masher and thought I would give it a try instead.I love the large surface area of this potato masher -- much better than a fork -- and the holes are small enough that the beans don't slip through.  It's much more thorough than mashing with a fork, as well, resulting in fewer large chunks and a smoother texture.  It also works quite well for mashing potatoes and sweet potatoes (even if I put a little garlic in).  It's not perfect when it comes to mashing roasted winter squash, but I think that has more to do with the texture of the squash than it does with the potato masher.I've had mine for quite some time now, and it's sturdy.  Unlike one of the negative reviewers, there was nothing that came loose on mine, even with repeated use.  I regularly wash it in the top rack of the dishwasher, and it's held up to that.The fact that it's got a horizontal handle is also nice; for me, the grip is a good size and I prefer the mashing motion that is possible with the horizontal handle to the motion of any of the vertical mashers with the S-shaped wire bases.", 'This looks good.  I have not been able to use it yet.  I bought it because I needed one for my kitchen.', 'This masher works great.  I had no problems turning potatoes into creamy mashers with ease.  If anyone has problems with "lumps" with this, it simply means that you are not cooking your potatoes long enough before trying to mash them.  The shape of this works well also as you can get to the edge of the pot easily.', "This is one of those 'how did I ever get along without it' kind of kitchen tools! It is sturdy, sized right, easily used, easily cleaned, and multi-tasking. I use it for potatoes, squash, making guacamole ( mashes avocados just right), refried beans (mashing heated beans gives just the right texture), and anything else I need to mash just right in my food prep. Have used this for over 2 years and it is just like new after many uses and washings. This is a great example of the best of kitchen tools. Buy it now, trust me you DO need it.", 'This is a good product.  I have used it on potatoes (all root veggies actually) as well as things like apples cooked for apple sauce.  It is easy to use with a comfy grip.That said..i still feel like i need a ricer.  I think if I had got the ricer first I wouldnt feel the need for a masher so I am thinking probably it would have been a better buy to just get the ricer...  storing all this kitchen stuff is always an issue for me.The company that makes this has consistantly made excellent products (great heat resistant spatulas too) and this is one more.  I think this is a great buy if this is all you will need.  If you will ultimately need a ricer anyway...consider getting that first and than see if you still need this', 'Great replacement for a traditional masher.  The horizontal handle makes it easier to mash potatoes or bananas than the traditional kind.  There is a small gap in the welds on the sides by the masher that catch some food particles but they clean easily.  The compact size also fits better in a gadget drawer.  My preschool age children can also use this with relative ease when helping with food prep.', "This does mash nicely, but if you use it in more than a very small pan, you get your fingers covered with potatoes! The handle is really too short, and I don't actually find it ergonomic. It makes you get in a slightly strange position, since your hand has to be clenched on the top rather than gripping from the side. I'm buying something else!", "If, like me, you learned to mash potatoes with one of those mashers that looks like a thick wire bent back and forth, you probably don't like mashing potatoes by hand. The wire tools don't work very well. This masher does! Spray it with a little non-stick spray, mash a few time, and yum. This is definitely the tool to mash potatoes by hand. I avoided making mashed potatoes before I learned about this type of masher, now I make them frequently. It's small price to pay for a tool that really works.", 'This is the potato masher I have been looking for!  I use it instead of my mixer.  Highly recommend!', "Couldn't find anything wrong with this product.  This was a gift requested by college student.  Looked like a good sturdy product.", 'Sturdy design like most OXO products, OXO is becoming my go-to supplier to replace kitchen tools I lost in a fire a couple years ago.', 'We like this covered ice cube tray because it keeps the cubes from getting &#34;fuzzy&#34; in our refrigerator freezer.  We do not have an icemaker.  Like it so much we purchased a second one.', 'I needed some sort of ice cube tray that would be usable in a travel trailer and be easy to remove ice cubes. So far, these seem to work well. The cover minimizes spills while freezing and it also enables loosening the cubes without them going everywhere.', "I haven't had any problems with this ice cube tray.  I like the design and tray cover.  I do tend to only fill mine about 3/4 of the way full so as the water freezes, there is somewhere for it to go.", "This ice cube maker in my opinion is definitely better than the one I currently have which not only does not have a tray cover but also is shaped squarely as so removing the ice cubes involved a lot of twisting. With the OXO tray, removing the ice cubes is a breeze. A good twist is still needed but the cubes easily come right off.There is one problem with this tray that irritates me a bit and that is the sliding cover. I honestly don't know if this happens to all ice cube makers with trays or not but what happens is that when you take the tray out from the freezer, sliding the cover off takes some work. Now when I say &#34;work&#34; I'm not talking to the point of you having to break a sweat but more like having to use some force. You would think the cover would slide off easily but because bits of ice gets frozen along the tracks, sliding the tray out takes just a bit more effort than I would have imagined. Not a deal breaker but what also gets to me is the sound. When you do this, you're literally crushing those tiny bits of ice as you slide the tray out and therefore, it does produce the &#34;crushing ice sound&#34;.", "I thought these were the same as I had ordered a few days ago. They AREN'T! They leak. No comparison.", "I've always trusted OXO and even used to work in Kitchen appliances so I know they've got a great reputation. This tray is good for anyone who may have a super frosty freezer, or, like me, freezes pumpkin ice cubes for my dog and therefore wanted a tray that wasn't exposed all the time.", 'I used this tray to make baby food in and I bought more because of how awesome these trays are. They are super easy to clean and they cubes pop out so easily. I recommend these to everyone I know!', 'The individual cube molds are semi circular, making the cubes very easy to get out.Unfortunately, the lid is very difficult to use w/out a mess. The gussets under the trays also cracked with normal use.', "I'm a huge fan of OXO, and own lots of their utensils, but these are terrible. The cube ports do not have a lip, so water spills constantly on the trip from the counter to the freezer (even if you fill well below the rim, which results in a very small cube). The plastic cover, supposedly designed to keep out odors, leaves a gap all the way around the tray, making it easy for odors to penetrate the cubes (and adding to the spilled water annoyance). Don't waste your money; you will only be  frustrated.", 'I have owned two of these trays for about a year and I\'m about to buy two more--but why would I do that for a 3-star product? Simply put, they aren\'t perfect but they\'re the best of what\'s out there.What sets these trays apart from others is the lid, which I\'ve learned to both love and hate. I love the lid for one reason: in a frost-free freezer, it prevents ice cubes from evaporating over time. If you use your ice often, that isn\'t a problem, so I\'d say the benefit of the lid to you is not worth the hassle. (More about that in a moment.) But if you\'re like me, and use ice infrequently, you\'ll no longer have the experience of reaching for a tray (usually when guests ask for ice) only to find that your cubes have mostly evaporated. Now I always have ice when I need it, even a couple of months after I\'ve filled the tray. I\'d say the lids also make for easier stacking.And that, for me, makes it worth putting up with the negatives of this product mentioned in other reviews:1) The lid is a pain to slide on and off--not a big deal after the cubes are frozen, but it can be a real mess-maker when you\'re filling trays. I now snap the lids on instead of sliding, but I still spill some water no matter how careful I am.2) The cubes are on the smal/medium size, though some may find that to be a benefit.Oxo has been taken to task for poor design on this tray, but I\'m not sure that\'s the case. There just may not be a "better" way to put a lid on an ice tray that will protect again evaporation and freezer burn. If you don\'t see that protection as a benefit to you, then I\'d strongly suggest buying a conventional tray. But if you do, then be prepared for the compromises that I and others have mentioned.Thanks for reading my review--I hope it has given you information that will help in your purchase decision!', "I had none of the issues with not being able to slide the lid and can only assume those who did must have really overfilled. The ice tray is easy to use, opens easily, and the cube size allows for quick freezing. I have listed what I consider pros and cons below. The cons will only apply to some users.Pros:Freezes water quickly due to shape of cubesEasy to remove cubes with slightest twist to tray or pushing one end of cubeSliding cover closes and opens easily and protects against spills and freezer odorsCover allows me to stack other items on topCons:The cube shape allows for quicker meltingThe tray is larger than other trays and for me that is an issue as my fridge top freezer is smallOverall, this is a very good product and if I had more space the size would not be an issue. As it is I will continue to use the Martha Stewart small square silicone cube trays I purchased at Macy's because they use so little space - even though they require wrestling with to remove the cubes.", 'I love the size of the cubes but it is inconvenient to have to stop and slide the tops back.  Wish I had ordered a differend kind.', 'this is one of the smartest ice cube trays everthe only thing that could have made this better is if it had a spill proof design', 'Not even worth the 4.99,When you put the water in the tray and put the top on - freeze it and then try to open it -good luck.  Unless you make sure all the water is off the sizes before you put the top on the top freezes on.  I have one I have banged and hit and the top still will not come off one end. Disgusted.', "Great icecube tray, BPA free (Amazon should clearly mention this in the listing). I love the cover, and I'll probably be getting another one soon.", 'I have four covered trays made by Tupperware, I was trying to save a buck, bought four of these because I have liked other Oxo products.  It was a mistake.  While these work, the cubes are small, the trays are difficult to fill and cap without spilling water, and they are clunky in the freezer compartment.  All I did was compromise, buy and waste my money, and now I need to go pay the full price for the Tupperware trays that work and that I should have bought to start with.', 'I did not think that ice cube trays come in different sizes.  Evidently since I have a 13 cf smaller refrigerator and freezer, these trays are too big.  Am using them sideways for now until I can get smaller trays then give the nice  ice cube trays to someone.', 'It\'s better than a regular ice cube tray:Pros:More sturdy - Didn\'t crack when I tried to take the cubes out (unlike my last batch of ice cube trays)The cubes are shaped better (not as deep/square, more like "restaurant" ice - Personal preference I guess)Cubes fall out easier - less twisting of the trayCover makes it easier to stack trays on top (and keeps stuff from falling into ice)You can kind of selectively choose cubes to remove, while leaving the rest in the tray using the lid (though it isn\'t perfect)Cons:Cover is kind of tricky to operate - spilled water a couple times trying to close the cover before putting it in freezer.There seems to be more extra ice pieces that form in addition to the ice cubes but nothing majorOverall, I gave it 3 stars because it\'s a good, solid ice cube tray -  I would give a "standard" tray 1 star because they\'re terribleMy choice:I bought two different OXO ice cube trays.  Despite costing more, get this one:OXO Good Grips No Spill Ice Cube Tray, BlueIt\'s worth it!It has all the pros of this one but leaves less extra ice and also allows you to "seal" the cubes into the tray.  The water won\'t leak out if you tilt/turn it while putting it into the freezer!  So you can overfill the tray then just squeeze the excess water out using the silicone lid!  Perfect cubes and no spills!', "I LOVE OXO items.  They make some great products, unfortunatly they make some bad ones too.  This is a bad one.  I bought this so store leftover chicken stock in (I saw someone making leftover stock into stock cubes and saving it for another day).  Well I filled up the tray and started to put the lid on, which make the stock start spilling out.  After fighting with if for like a mintue I decided, well there is no way I'm going to be able to carry this perfectly level across the kitchen so keep it from spilling so I gave up.  OXO should discontinue this item.", 'Pros:Excellent design.  Sliding cover is designed to let you dispense cubes one at a time. To loosen the cubes just run water over the bottom and shake the tray while locking cover is completely on.Cons:A little bigger than the basic ice cube trays.  Design does not consider limited freezer space/s.  I started filling the tray only halfway to get smaller cubes.  I used to bartend so I wish the ice cubes were half the size just like in bars and nightclubs.If you hear of same in smaller size alert me by commenting on my review.', 'Although the idea of these ice cube trays is great the actual use and operation of them is not.  They can be very difficult to open up after they have frozen your ice cubes. Needless to say that is frustrating and it ends up making a mess all over with pieces of chipped ice and so on.  The internal surface of the lid sticks to the ice cubes making opening up the tray very difficult if not impossible and leads to frustration and a mess in general.I would not recommend these to my friends or family.', "This ice tray is easily released and easy to handle because of the cover. Only draw back is the cube is a bit smaller.  Not a problem really but just know that is the case.  I am glad I bought but a  bit pricey for sure. haven't used long enough to know how soon the plastic will crack..hope not soon.", "I like the weight of the trays and the shape of the cubes and am really enjoying having the covers. Don't have to worry about stacking the trays and spilling. Great product.", 'After seeing dust in our ice cubes...gross!...we decided we needed a covered ice cube tray and this OXO one was just the ticket! OXO is a solid brand in the kitchen goods world, and this product did not disappoint. The lid is easy to get on and off, and definitely keeps the dust out of our ice. Yay!', 'This ice cube tray with cover is wonderful for freezing fresh herbs.  The cover  allows me to place it in the freezer without worrying that something will spill it or drop into it.', "I have an automatic ice maker in the freezer, so making ice isn't a typical necessity unless I want large cubes.  For that purpose, I have silicone trays in two sizes.  When I need to freeze small amounts of foods like pesto or tomato sauce, I grab my pair of OXO Good Grips Ice Cube Trays  and go to town.  These are more sturdy than any other trays I've seen and the lids slide on and off pretty comfortably.  It is not a slippery slide, so I'm not concerned about much leakage if they are not placed in the freezer in a perfect position.  I most recently used them for freezing the whey from a yogurt cheesemaking endeavor and had no problem.  I filled both trays and had a little left over which I put in a 2 ounce paper cup.  When frozen, I removed the lids, then put the tray upside down inside a gallon size freezer bag, twisted the tray gently and out popped each frozen section of frozen when.  I washed the trays by hand, as always, then ran them through the dishwasher only because I was running it anyway and there was enough space on the top rack for all four pieces.  I've had these trays for years and they still look as good as the day of purchase.  For baby food or pureed food for the elderly or infirm, these can aid in preparing and storing small portions.  If you use the technique of freezing and then placing the sections in another container or bag, you're ready.  I've also frozen fresh herbs in water for use in soups.  Great trays.", 'Make sure you measure space it is going into. Wider than most trays, had to put over ice-maker for fit. Otherwise, well, it&#8217;s an ice tray, hardly expect any bells & whistles.', 'So far so good with these ice trays... the cover is great , the cubes come out easy... I stack these five high in my freezer ... works great with my Berkey water !', 'Got this tray because it slid in a case. So if I wanted to take it with me, the cubes would not get messy or I had to put it in a baggy. Another feature is the water did not spill on my floor after filling it. Getting the tray out was a bit of a challenge, but I ran it under hot water and it came right out.', 'This thing is pretty bulky and really not much better than the covered ice cube trays that my local dollar store sells.', "I have two other covered ice cube trays that have snap on lids. They are the size of average trays, and easily stackable. I am disappointed that the OXO is wider, but you get the same number of cubes. It doesn't fit as well in my freezer.", "Not much to say here. These are really great trays ( I bought 2) they stack well and they're easy to remove. I don't think you can go wrong with these trays.", "I like the ice cube tray because of its cover.  But don't be deceived, it's not an airtight seal.  If you tip it, water will leak out.Either way, the tray is great because I prefer to have covered ice cubes, especially if I'm making ice cube doggy treats or specialty ice cubes for drinks.  Keeps them fresher for sure.", 'I love them.  The ice cubes are a perfect size.  They come out immediately and easily with no trouble.  You can stack them.  I am 100% pleased with them.', 'Mr. Scholl\'s and all other negative reviews of the OXO covered ice tray are right on the mark. I bought two of these and although I agree the concept is great, they are sooooo poorly executed and a pain to use. Not only are the lids difficult, the trays are hard to fill without spilling water (whether from your kitchen sink or from a pitcher). The curved shape indeed makes novel shaped ice but because of spillage you end up with many of the ice cups partially filled. You end up with ice that melts quickly. It would have been much better to make square cups and a flat bottom on the tray. Getting the lid off is another major production. It does not slide easily to fill or to remove ice. Good idea, yes but totally awful execution. OXO gets an "F" on this one. I\'m giving mine away. I bought a couple silicone cube shape trays at the same time and I am going to stick to them until someone comes up with a really great user friendly tray that makes generous sized ice.', 'Easy to fillEasy to release iceand tucks neatly underor on top of whatever is in the freezer.', 'This works beautifully... the ice is easy to get out, and it is easy to use.  The only problem is the price... 8 bucks is too much for an ice tray.  For that reason alone I give it 3 stars instead of 5.', 'I bought these trays to use when I have too much spinach or kale.  You can grind it up with a little water in a ninja and then put in trays and freeze.  You can then throw the frozen kale into your Ninja when making a breakfast drink.  They are very well made and the lid slides back and forth so you can just take out a few without dumping the whole tray.  Love the way they are made. Would recommend.', 'The ice &#34;cubes&#34; are also easy to extract due to their circularly shaped bottoms.  The lidkeeps odors out, avoids ice evaporation, and allows you to stack other items on top of the tray.', "I bought these to use as molds for the fresh baby food I make then freeze for my daughters meals. I was glad to find something that keeps my baby's food free of the detritus that can fall into your ice tray from the stuff in your freezer. The molds are so amazing because the frozen food just slides out and makes storage a snap. I can't recommend these more!", 'This is a great ice tray.  I have a couple of Eco Vessel water bottles that other ice cubes require chiseling with an ice pick in order to use.  These half-moon shaped chunks of ice fit perfectly through the opening of the water bottles.', 'Love them - love that I can stack then in the freezer and that easy to break before taking off lid to dump into bin. Great.', "Instead of a typical review, I urge you to read the one submitted by Blake Scholl above.  He said basically everything that I was going to, and I feel it's a 100% accurate account of the product.I love OXO, but this ice cube tray is a pain in the arse.  Its only redeeming quality is the fact that I can stack things on top of it because it is covered.", "I use these to freeze a special supplement, I make up for my cats... I've bought 4 because they keep the meat fresh and clean for 2+ weeks.  I puree 12 oz. canned cat food with 10 tsp. L-Lysine and 16 Tbsp. Camelina Oil, then pour into - 2 Oxo Good Grips Ice Cube Trays... Makes 2 weeks worth for 2 cats. Great for controlling feline herpes and their coats are amazing!", 'They drip water on the way to the freezer from the sink, the cubes are small, they are hard to open when frozen.', 'So cool to have a covered ice tray because I use it at work for the so purpose of protection from so many hands in and out of the refrigerator and the ice slides right out of the tray without cracking and breaking up after release. Awesome product.', 'We have an ice maker for our regular ice. I use this to make coffee ice cubes with coffee that is left over when I make a full pot. It keeps the coffee from spilling in our very packed freezer.', 'These are simply the best ice cube trays ever. They make nice cubes, freeze fairly quickly (I can usually make a fresh batch of ice in under an hour), always break loose, and the slide on top lets you dump out one or two ice cubes at a time. I will never buy any other ice cube tray.', "The blade is wide enough to open the shells. The grip is very good, doesn't slip at all even when wet. Wish the tip was a bit thinner so it's easier to get it inside the oyster. Not a huge problem though. Would still recommend it. You should definitely also get a pair of protective gloves with this.", 'Great Oyster Shucker.  Solid build, non-slip handle, and thick enough blade to open even the hardest ones.Love this product.', "So, my friends decided to have a oyster party, which means shucking oyster after oyster without getting shells in the delicious delicacy. Perfect tool. Okay price. Couldn't have asked for more.", "This knife has successfully shucked 48 oysters on two separate occasions. The beefier grip is nice. It could be a little sharper for dislodging the oyster from the shell after you've opened it. I don't think this is the perfect oyster knife, but I do think that it does a very good job and is at the right price point. No issues with washing in the dishwasher.", 'I bought this when I learned how much cheaper it was to buy oysters from the fish market than from a restaurant. This does a pretty good job opening them.', "I only recently learned how to shuck oysters and is something I had never done before.I both read about shucking and also had the guy who sold me some oysters explain how to do it.With a little bit of practice, I got it down, and now can open any oyster in no time at all!What you want to do is the following:-Find the point of the oyster that looks like a V-Keep the oyster with the 'cup' (the non flat side) down so that when you open it, the juice from the oyster won't fall out-Initially, you may want to hold the oyster down with a kitchen towel so that it doesn't slip (I initially did this, though after some practice, just hold the oyster with a gloved hand)-Insert the tip of the blade (with the very tip facing upwards) into the V and wiggle it with some force from side to side (but keeping it flat).- After the blade has been inserted 1/4 - 1/3 of an inch, try to pry it open by turning the blade. If you feel some resistance, push through and the oyster will open, but if it doesn't give, don't push through or you will crack the shell, making it opening it so much harder (I find this is the thing that takes the most practice - knowing when to continue to turn the knife to pry the thing open without cracking the shell... so you'll get this with some practice)- After it has opened, insert the blade in all the way with the tip of the knife along the inside of the top half of the shell and cut all around to cut the muscle that is holding it closed- After you remove the top shell, carefully cut the muscle that is holding the bottom shell to the oyster. Also go all around the oyster with the knife as the bottom tends to stick to the shell, and make sure it is free floating- You're done! Add some lemon and tabasco, and voila! Enjoy!I have to say, I have no experience with other knives, but this knife has worked wonders, it has a comfortable grip, the steel is sturdy enough to get past some strong oysters I have encountered, and the slightly upwards bend of the tip makes it easy to cut away at the muscle on the top of the oyster. All in all, perfect! Highly recommended.", 'Before I got this knife, they were using my butter knives to open shells, hence the bent ends.  Now I have straight knives again and everyone is happy, munching their oysters.', 'does the job have had it for a year and the few times iv used it works with easy if i had to id get one again', "I have solo shucked many dozen's of holiday oysters in my day and know my way around a shucking knife. Of the several I own, this is my second favorite. Oxo is generally a reliable kitchen accessory manufacturer and for occasional use, it's not too shabby. I do prefer a heftier blade, the Oxo is pretty bent up, but it does work. For a perfect oyster shucking knife, take a gander at the one sold by Island Creek Oysters in Mass...also a great source of the little salty delights too.", 'I believe that this works just as well as the far more expensive oyster knives.  I am pleased with this purchase.', "Oxo Good Grips makes some interesting kitchen gadgets, but I think this is not one of their finest efforts. Something about the blade - it's flexibility, the serrations, I'm not sure exactly what - make it work less effectively than it should. I got better results with the hard plastic cheapie shrimp tools, although I'm sure this should last longer.Mine got warped in the dishwasher, so I'm trying the Cuisinart next.", "I am a card-carrying shrimpaholic.  Before I found this gadget life for me was different.  I would cut corners like skip the deveining (yuck, I can't believe I did that!) unless the shrimp or vein was pretty large.  Everyone who has ever eaten shrimp knows how tedious shelling is.  This little tool is revolutionary. In one small swoop the vein and shell is gone, leaving only the tip of the tail.  No kitchen should be without it.", "I have two houses and needed a spare for peel and eat shrimp. I have a metal peeler, but OXO glides thru the back and make quick work of several dozen shrimp. Get this one! It's really for foodies and cooks.  -David Allen", "This works well for cleaning shrimp, as advertised.  I've cleaned 6-7 lbs of large shrimp so far and this makes it quick and easy.  I don't know why people are so fussy about the construction being plastic - it is far more resilient than a shrimp's shell and should stand up to quite a bit of use unless you abuse it.  A metal blade would probably lead to more mangled shrimp so it's just fine.  I'm quite satisfied with the item and would have no issues recommending it to anyone.", "I really really wanted to like this more than I do. I read all of the reviews that said how easy it was to use, then when I got it there was one comical looking cheesy picture showing how to use it. I am not a cooking novice, but I felt like a real retard trying to use this. Several mangled shrimp later, I finally got the idea, but still continued to mangle the occasional shrimp. And the thing is, I think it took me more time to mangle the shrimp with this thing than to peel shrimp manually. I gave it three stars because if you have a lot of tenacity, and you want to devein and that is really important to you, this will devein the shrimp nicely, if you don't mess up. I just find that this complicates things too much for me about two thirds of the time. Take this as you will.", "just stab the shrimp where it's head used to be and pull up, out comes the intestinal tract, really easy.", "These gizmos make cleaning shrimp much quicker and easier. I'd been using some cheap plastic ones sold by my grocer, but the tips kept snapping off in the drawer or in use. I decided to order an OXO, as the quality of their other products has in my experience always been high. It's better than the cheapo ones, but I was disappointed that the tip is plastic rather than stainless steel, and it could be longer.", 'Great product.  I used to work at Red Lobster and peeled and deveined LOTS of shrimp and this style is the best I&#8217;ve used.  After using a lot of other deveiners, this is the only one I found that cuts through the shell, cleans out the vein, works quickly and doesn&#8217;t create any waste.  I had one of these for years and somehow lost it.  I had to look hard to find this style of peeler/deveiner but wouldn&#8217;t settle for any other kind.  Highly recommend.', "I don't like the way this thing works...  Luckily, after I ordered it, I found my old cheapie that had been misplaced during our move.I would suggest saving your money and buying one of the cheap plastic ones that work on the push stroke, and peels the shrimp by breaking the underside instead of cutting the shell down the back.  I ruined more shrimp than I peeled with this one.  I am hoping to find another use for it! Maybe a grout remover....I find that rather sad, because I like the other OXO products I have purchased.  The large handles prevents my bad finger from locking trying to hold something of small diameter...;0))PK", 'We love OXO products, but this one is not one of them.  Shrimps get mangled.  Might be good for very large shrimp though, but not for medium ones.  My wife found it faster to just use her nails.', "If you're preparing shrimp and hate deveining them, this is the tool to get. Not really &quot;veins,&quot; the dark line on the outside of a shrimp is actually its digestive tract - so if you eat it, you're basically eating shrimp excrement. Put that in your cocktail sauce!  Still, this is a delicate little cord that you don't want breaking up into pieces, but just yank out quickly and get on to the next shrimp.  This tool does just that, and ergonomically fits your hand.", 'This OXO product is easy to use and because of the large soft handle, easy to hold.  It seems sturdy enough to me, I don\'t really understand why some reviewers think that it\'s flimsy.Just hold a de-headed shrimp under a slow drizzle of running cold water insert the tip into the "vein" and follow the curve around to the back of the tail.  Slip off the shell with legs attached from the bottom and voila...shelled shrimp.', "I think this is helpful when you master using it...which can take a bit of time if your used to using a knife.  Having always used just a paring knife to cut and de-vein getting the hang of this was a bit of a struggle.  I thought, being a bit of a foodie, I &quot;needed&quot; this..  Need, is a strong word...but I do like this now...The pre-cleaned and easy peel shrimp is much more espensive than just the shrimp in the shells...this does make it a bit easier.Once I *got* it, I think I am faster than I was.  So since it doesn't take up much space and isn't expensive I think this was a good purchase.That said...  its a bit like a grapefruit spoon or melon baller in that it can be very nice to have and extreamly convenient to have under the right circumstances...but as to really needing it.. That is a hard call.", 'I really enjoy eating Dungeness crab here in San Francisco, peak season is NOW, December.  The secret to picking all the meat out of the crab lies with the correct crab instruments.  I\'ve tried the Oxo seafood picks and also the Zyliss style.  The Zyliss with its curved forked end is \'da best.  And buy your self a pair of the "Progessive brand" seafood scissors and be ready to enjoy eating Dungeness crabs with minimal hassle.  You may need two scissors because Dungeness crab aficionados will fight over them, really, been there witnessed it.JMO!!!!', "We had crab tonight, and these seafood picks work really well. The crabs have all the chambers at the connection between leg and body and the picks easily scooped out the meat. These picks are heavy and well made, with a soft grip that comes in handy because our hands tend to get messy from the seafood, so we can get a grip on the picks.I was worried the picks would be dangerous because one end is very sharp and two pronged and I worried that while I scooped with one end I might poke myself with the other, but that didn't happen. The sharp two prong end is perfect for grabbing hard to reach bits of seafood.", "These are a good design because they do not slip.  The finish is good.  The only issue is they are not the most beautiful picks in the world and probably won't look good on a fancy table.  You shouldn't have to give up looks for good design.", 'If you are a serious hot shellfish eater, these are highly recommended for digging out meat and then dipping into broth and butter. They fit the hand wonderfully unlike plain seafood forks.', 'My wife still likes to use a narrow pick for getting meat out of the skinny legs of crabs and lobsters.  These will not do that.  But, I think they are excellent for scooping the meat out of an opened leg or claw; and the fork end is perfect for dipping the meat into melted butter.', "These are well made and good quality.  Quite a bit bigger than I expected, so if you will use more for nuts they may not work as well for delicate work.  These will be really nice with crab legs and lobster, so I am still very happy with the purchase.  Just be sure to check the dimensions if you've never seen them in the store.", 'I really like these picks.  They are nice looking, and really come in handy when eating crab legs.  Not going to feel sorry if you buy these.', 'The steel finish on these picks are not matte (like in the photos) but shiny more like chrome.  Cosmetically, over time they get scratched up when used to get into the nooks and crannies of hardshell crab.  Functionally, though, they work well.', "OXO is gradually filing in every possible kitchen gadget niche.  This is a real crab fork (forget those stupid cocktail forks, they don't go up inside crab legs).  I didn't give them 5 stars because I had an ancient crab fork I bought in Canada while travelling (right off of the restaurant waiter) that was just a little more effective.  If I hadn't lost it I could give a better comparison.", 'I have used thses several times already and it is easier to use a fork or your fingers than these picks. It is difficult to scoop out meat from the shell.', "The picture shows the brush bending at a 45 degree angle - truth is it doesn't bend at all-even after I applied excessive force (I almost broke it) the flex does NOT happen at the black part like it is illustrated - OXO company told me that the flex illustration was a faux pas on their part - I call it an outright fraud - the brush itself is OK, but it does not function as portrayed", "Never had an issue with our 1st, so we ordered another one for the kids bathroom. The replaceable head is nice and the flexible neck makes getting under the rim a breeze. The clamshells close every time and I've never had an issue with gunk in the bottom because we don't clean and just put it back in the shell dripping with toilet water and cleaner. For those that complain about that, try washing it with another flush, putting it under the seat so it can drip dry, and the next time you use the toilet you can put it away.", 'This is a very solid brush.  I got tired of buying...and replacing...the cheaper toilet brushes.  I spent the money on three of these for each bathroom and really like them.  They are solid, no flexing or breaking and do a great job of really scouring the toilet bowl to ensure a thorough cleaning.  Definitely recommend to everyone.  I bought these probably close to a year ago and they are still as solid as the day I got them.', "I ordered two of these brushes based on previous good experience with OXO products. They came in today packaged in nothing more than soft plastic sleeves. Sadly this provided no protection during shipping and one of them arrived in pieces; fortunately I had one that was intact and was able to examine it to see how the broken one was supposed to fit together.A problem had developed in that one of the two springs on either side that press against the clam shell portion had been bent out of position so trying to fit the clam shell portions into position with the springs in the right place became something of a challenge.I was finally able to work them into place so the appearance of the broken one was the same as the one that had arrived fully assembled. As of this point both of the clam shells are working as advertised although the one that arrived broken is slightly sluggish; it may be that spring strength was compromised by the bending they received during shipment.Having read the review that refers to the packaging I suppose the packaging had been changed to make removal of the assembly easier. Now it appears the problem is inadequate protection during shipment. I suspect some buyers would simply return the brush and holder rather than see it as an assembly challenge.I will rate the packaging and tell Amazon about the problem. In the meantime they are both in place so we'll give them a test and see if they too live up to the OXO name. I gave it four stars just because of the OXO name and will update if anything notable occurs.", 'bought to replace an over ten year old oxo toilet brush/canister.  am pleased that I can just replace the brush head portion on this.', "I can't say this cleans any better than an old fashioned, hole in the middle brush.  It looks nicer and seems as though it will last longer, nice that the brush is replaceable.", "Looks nice sitting there and is very effective.  My last one had a metal handle and it became way too easy for the metal to scratch the bottom of the bowl.  Luckily Barkeeper's Friend got those scratches out.  This new one has a nice big brush that does the job.  I rinse it out a bit in the sink first and then put it back.  Hardly, if any, water sits at the bottom.  It opens and closes properly.  I bought a replacement head so it's nice to have that on hand but won't be changing it for quite a while I'm sure.  Very happy with this purchase.  Have had it a month now.", "Oxo has come up with a clever way to conveniently hide a hideous toilet brush into a sleek economical case that allows it to drip dry. You hardly have to bend over to use it's automatic flap open when you pull or flap closed when putting it home. It would be very cool in brushed nickel, bronze or stainless. This is a VERY good buy! I bought 3 and now I'm ordering two more.", "These toilet brushes work very well.  It is important, however, to let the brush air dry prior to sticking it back in the canister, (prop it up on the garbage pail & come back later). If you do prefer to generate rust, put it back wet & let tepid, gross water collect at the bottom of the canister. That can then be dumped out as it will collect at the bottom (simple physics of gravity) That's going to happen easily with any apparatus.  My  toilet brushes have held up fine for 2.5 years & counting.  It's all a matter of usage and taking care of things, right???.....", 'Exactly as described and and fast shipping. Comes direct from Amazon and quality seems to be good.  Only thing I do not understand for being a Oxo good grips product is why does this not have a nice handle to grip like the kitchen tools I have', "This brush is well designed and constructed. I've used it for over a year, so I know for sure that it's pretty durable. And it has an attractive look about it.So I can recommend this, but it's with one reservation. Oxo has a compact version that sells for $7 less. When I decide to get another brush for a second bathroom, that's the model I expect to get. So, a careful consideration of the size that you actually need might allow you to save some money.And in this economy, that's not such a bad idea.", 'have had before and buying more for other sites, love the quality, look, ease of use of these products, happy', "These OXO good grips line have really been a godsend.  They have made cleaning up nasty dishes a million times easier.The soap dispensing handles are solid and easy to use.  The buttons to dispense the soap are in easy to reach places and they hold enough for about a month's worth of cleaning.  Refilling takes about 30 seconds and is usually done without spilling a drop.  I have had one handle that had the rubber button get a hole in it, but that may have been feline caused as one of our cats love to gnaw on rubbery things.The brushes are also long lasting and do a great job of removing food.  I am pretty rough on them when cleaning our cast iron grill and they still last about 6 months before giving in.  Changing them takes about 30 seconds as well.Really ingenious product.  Time saver.Highly Recommended.", "I bought this brush because I've recently switched from using sponges to brushes for sanitary reasons.  It's a good brush and well made, but I find the design somewhat awkard and wind up using my long handled brush much more.  This one is really only appropriate for larger items that you can easily get your hand inside of - no small bowls or cups.", "I use this scrubber daily for everything from plates, to pans, to glasses. It easily dispenses soap and scrubs tough-to-clean substances. The one frustrating thing about this scrubber (and the only reason I'd take off a star) is that if you use it on a pan with egg-residue, it's nearly impossible to get the egg pieces out of the scrubber. They get stuck in there for days which is pretty gross.", "This is the best dish brush I have ever used.  It is effective at cleaning and easy to keep clean.  Replacing the brush itself is easy.  The soap dispensing portion of the brush has lasted me over 5 years and it it used many times a day.  The top finally broke and I will gladly purchase another...it can't be beat!  I'm very happy it is still available.", "Small, handy, useful in practice, easier to grip than &#34;handled&#34; brushes, and discreet when sitting on the backsplash.  And the brush design doesn't clot up with dirt like some others.  You don't have to use the soap-dispenser function, and it's still worthwhile.  Plus, the brush element is replaceable, like every six months or so.", "I had this for about two weeks. It leaked dishsoap everywhere, and I didn't find it helpful for washing at all. I guess I'm a sponge girl.", "I'll preface by saying I didn't by this oxo palm brush on Amazon, but at Target.  It is an amazing, solidly designed little gem that doesn't leak soap like some other brands and shoots a little squirt of soap on command. It actually makes washing dishes a little fun. This is much better and faster than grabbing a bottle of soap and putting it on a brush repeatedly during a dish washing session.The fact that the brush itself is replaceable is a nice touch too.", 'I got this to try since I am a huge fan of OXO Products. Maybe I am just being "dumb" but when I screwed off the top there was a small hole to put in my favorite liquid detergent and it made a huge mess. When I am scrubbing dishes that can\'t go in the dishwasher the brissels are not that strong. Even when I don\'t push the top liquid detergent still comes out which means I can\'t use the brush throughout the time I am cleaning otherwise there will always be soap. Also, there is no "center spike" to help remove "caked on" grease like other brushes I have used in the past. I would highly recommend the Libman Kitchen Brush [Curved] with small handle which is the one I will continue to use.', "I usually find the OXO Good Grips products to be great...good quality and designed in such a way that they work better than many other brands.  Well, not with this little guy.I was really only looking for a brush that will help me get my dishware and pans ready to put in the dishwasher.  Not fully cleaned, but at least with any dried or baked-on food removed.  I've been using a little gizmo that I buy from our grocery store -- basically just a sponge on a hand-held stick -- with no area to add dishwashing detergent.  It works fine, but the sponge gets pretty cruddy looking after just a few uses; so I decided to replace it with one with brush bristles instead.The problems that I'm finding is that the bristles flatten with minimal scrubbing and the dispensing feature doesn't work so hot.  It leaks a bit when I'm not using it -- and occasionally won't dispense when I am trying to use it.  Also, I realize now that I really want/need one with a longer handle if I'm to keep my hands from getting fully immersed in detergent and water.  The squat design of this one doesn't allow you to scrub the inside edge of soup mugs or other limited spaces either.OXO makes anothermodel with a longer handle, but I'm not sure that I'd trust the dispenser on it either.  I think I'm going to replace it with anon-dispensing brushsince I'm really only trying to get the dishware and pans rinsed for the dishwasher.  I can add a squirt of detergent for those times when I need it.", "This little brush is addictive....load up the soap and OH, NO, I really can't quit cleaning!  It perfectly cleans the stovetop which is a difficult job with all of the corners and grills and crevices.  In fact, most jobs that were once difficult are now fun because of this little brush.", 'overpriced for what you get and it came shipped out bent up with all the brisles. Not worth the price.', "Must have in the kitchen. I have used this for years but previously got it at Williams Sonoma. Found it on Amazon for cheaper! Better than a sponge because it doesn't hold germs. And just squirt out the soap.", 'I bought this hoping it would save my nails when washing certain items that needed harder scrubbing than a dishcloth can do. It fits in my hand easily and does the exact job I need it to do. I saw some staining on the bristles from tomato sauce left in pan but luckily it washed/rinsed out by the time I was finished with those dishes. It is easy to fill with soap but unless I am really mindful how hard I squeeze the top - I feel like too much soap can be dispensed. All in all, I am happy with this item.', "Great scrubber, good quality. Can't commend on durability yet, but it has worked well for my needs since I received it a week ago.", "I have gained a respect for OXO products.  They usually offer a quality, well designed product and this brush is no exception...works great!  It doesn't leak and does a wonderful job of removing fried residue from my stainless steel frying pans. You may want to order a couple replement brushes.  It's not a design fault, they just wear out over time.  Great product.", "... and I just might be the world's biggest fan of the entire OXO Good Grips line.  But for me this brush is too short and the bristle part is too fat &amp; too soft.  HOWEVER! It turned out to be good for something else...  Try filling it with a very good moisturizing hand soap and using it *occasionally* to scrub reeeeeeeally grimy hands/nails.  I hate to wear gloves while gardening, even in our red messy clay soil, and Aging SuperHubby is still too macho to wear gloves while D.I.Y.-ing, lol -- so this brush has found a home on our utility sink next to the basement door.", 'The integrated soap dispenser makes this small, inexpensive brush a very helpful addition to kitchen sink gear. Instant access to additional dish soap lets you get the job done in one effort.Particularly good on frying pans, cutting boards, plates, soup bowls or other shallow cookware -- the small size and chunky handle give you a lot of scrubbing power for caked-on or burnt food.I have not needed to replace it yet, but the removable bristles mean I will not need to replace the entire unit when it begins to show wear!', 'Used one of these at a beach house and just had to have it. It works great and I run the brush through the dishwasher about once a week to keep it clean.', "This is our second one, and it appears that it will last much longer. Not only that, but the brushes are replaceable. I like OXO's product innovation! The soap reservoir on this one is larger also. Go easy on the push dispenser, soap comes out faster with this one.", 'We love these things. These are easier for arthritic hands to hold and they cut down on the detergent use because you can put the amount you want right where you want it.  They last reasonably well for the work they do.', 'I love this brush.  I had one, ordered another plus replacement bristles.  The product arrived fast, just as ordered, I would recommend this anyone and would definitely order again.', 'It is so easy to clean frying pans and pots with this without having to have your hands into the  grease and grime.', "It will do a decent job or stuck surfaces.  The brushes used are reasonably aggressive.  It isn't a scouring pad but it takes care of normal pans with panache.It is FAR easier to keep hygienic.  I first got the plastic scouring pad version of this dispenser/tool.  That was a bear to keep clean.  It also won't wear nearly as well as this unit.  The pads are softer and wear and lack this ones aggression.I am very happy with this unit.  It is better working than the normal tools we use on pans or dried dinnerware.", 'This product works well on plates and other flat type surfaces.  However, I have a hard time using it in glasses.  The bristles do not bend well to clean the sides.  I do like the push to dispense detergent feature.', 'This is the perfect cleaning utensil for little job, or pre-rinsing dishes before putting them in the dishwasher. For tougher jobs, you will still need a sponge with a scrubbing side, but this works well for smaller, less though jobs.', 'The plastic disc which attaches the bristles to the device does not stay on. I will be returning this item.', "We've been using this Oxo Brush for a several years now and use it just about every day.  It sits on our sink tray and saves on soap and water.  The refills keep it looking like new and are relatively inexpensive.  Friends who have seen us use this brush always want one so I give them as gifts.  I honestly think my husband would be lost without it since he uses it all the time.  Great item!", "the bristles on this do-dad are tough and sturdy.  easy to fill and leak-proof, no matter how you lay the thing, it never leaks.  however, when I press the black button at the top to dispense some soap - even when it's a short soft press - a burst of soap comes gushing out.  Hard to adjust the amount of soap to dispense.", "Great product. It makes washing dishes so much easier. It is especially helpful with greasy items - pots and pans, in particular. I also use it (without the soap) to wipe off plates before putting them in the dishwasher.The only downside about this product is that a lot of soap comes out. I wish that there was more control over that. But, it's really it isn't that big of a deal.", "This well built, well engineered squirting palm brush replaced a nasty, leaky sponge-type soap dispenser and a soap pump bottle that took about 50 pumps to get a dab of soap.  The nylon bristles can be cleaned easily after each use, so it doesn't get disgusting.  The dispenser valve doesn't leak, so you can fill it up with soap and set it on the sink rim or counter, then when you need some soap for washing dishes, a couple of squirts is all you need since the squirt volume is very adequate.  My wife also loves it!", 'This is perfect for removing crusted food of a pan.  I use it daily.  Excellent product.  I would definitely recommend this.', "This is a great kitchen tool! I always have mine handy.Notes: 1.) The bristles are very sturdy. In spite of all of my hard scrubbing, they have never bent or frayed. 2.) It's shape allows you to get a good grip *and* still be able to mauver around pots and pans. 3.) There is ample space to hold liquid soap. You'll only have to refill it every couple of weeks.", "I use this scrubber to clean my sinks and dishes with good effect.  It has a little toggle switch in the very middle of the bristles that secretes dish soap when it is pressed allowing you to clean a lot of dishes or surfaces quickly without having to re-load your sponge with soap along the way.  The bristles are strong and hold up to tough use and really are effective for getting into nooks and crannies.  I don't really like to use this scrubber on my enameled cast iron cookware (I admit that I'm a freak about my Le Creuset!) but it works well on everything else!", 'One of the best items we have ever purchased for washing plates,pots,pans & anything that is somewhat flat.Flat is a key word even though these could wash & clean a small coffee cup.The soap dispenser holds a good amount of soap & dispenses enough dish soap every time that you push it to clean anything very well. The bristles have held up very well & you can buy a replacement brush when needed.', "I had their original model and now they've improved it. The soap dispenser doesn't get plugged up with gummy dried soap residue anymore requiring a hot tap water rinse to work properly. And quite honestly, my palms have never been cleaner.", 'Used similar oxo products in the past, this paired with a standard plastic scrubber gets the majority of food off a plate first time, and removes the need for three hands to handle soap as well.An excellent addition to any kitchen sink, and a good excuse to toss that nasty bacteria-laden sponge which has sat a little too long.', 'The bristles are too soft to get stuck food off. Trying to find again the one I used to get with stiffer bristles...Comfortable in the hand though.', 'I use this to clean my spiralizer (Paderno).  It works great to get into the crack and blades. Happy I bought it.', 'This is a good looking brush and it is certainly functional, but it is not cost effective, especially when there are much better options.  For this brush, the brush head is permanently attached to the unit.  When the brush hair get old, you will have to toss it away.  Believe me, the brush hair will get soft or dirty pretty fast.  Even if you are frugal/saving, you will need to replace the brush hair once every 6 months if not more often.  When the time comes, you will have to throw the entire thing away.There are cheaper brushes sold by other companies.  Even Oxo sells two other palm brushes where the brush hair component can be replaced.  One looks very similar to this but it is difficult to find.  The other one is theOxo SteeL Soap Squirting Palm Brush.  Yes, the SteeL brush is more expensive, but you will save money in the long run because you can replace the brush head withOxo SteeL Soap Squirting Palm Brush Refills, 2-Pack.  Here is a quick math, three of these permanent brushes ($18) cost more than one SteeL brush with two replacement brush heads ($15).  If you believe you will go through three of these brushes, than you might as well get the SteeL version.  Now, it would be even cheaper if you can get hold of a non-SteeL replaceable palm brush.I am giving this a 2-stars.', "I had one of these when I was studying abroad in Germany and was looking for something similar. These are great if you hand-scrub your dishes - you get a great grip and it fits in your hand nicely, and all you have to do is push down the top to dispel more liquid.Only problem is, it dispels fluid because when you push down the rubber top, you're also pushing air and anything in there out towards the hole, so once you push it a couple times, it looses the air inside that's helping you push fluid out and then I have to unscrew/rescrew the top again to get that same air pressure going. Also, after about a month the brush gets kind of matted and stained, and doesn't scrub as well, so you have to replace it.I'm not sure I will buy this again, I might look for a better made product.", "I ordered this because I'm tired of using the scrubby pads that are on kitchen sponges. I hate that they tend to hold onto stuff like gooey cheese and shred much too easily. Yuck! This does the job without getting all gunky and it rinses clean easily. It digs dirt out of grooves and tight corners. It's great for cleaning the sidewalls around rivets, too. What it won't do is take off really stuck-on food, but no brush will do that. The brushes attach to the head securely, but are easily removed for replacement. The mesh replacement heads get high marks for removing stuck on gunk; I plan on buying a set of those so I'll have a choice of heads.I don't use the soap dispenser because I use this on carbon steel and cast iron cookware, so can't comment on that feature. It's holding up well for almost 2 months of daily use.", 'I really like these brushes . They do not leak the soap all over as I had happen with other types of soap dispensing brushes. I have been using these for years .', 'The spring in pump-top of my Crate and Barrel bought brush broke so I ordered this. These bristles are stiffer than my old setup, plus my old one was the stainless steel model. I kept the new cap for my old brush and tossed the rest of this one.', "Bought this and initially loved it despite the fact that occasionally the top would loosen and dishsoap would leak out. Then I felt the bristles were a bit soft for tough scrubbing jobs (baked on brownie/burned casserole/lasagna pan/etc). DON'T make the mistake I did of using on hot pan which then melted the bristles to laying flat instead of vertical. After that the thing was useless... they need to make one with HEATPROOF bristles so you can scrub away while pot is hot. Will probably not replace with the same item.", 'I like this! Unlike the wand version it does leak soap all over my sink. The palm-shaped handle makes it great to grip and scrub.I will say that I feel like I use much more soap with this. Unlike the sponge version that absorbs as you press the button, this just falls out onto the dish or down the drain.For me, mostly down the drain. That might just be a personal issue I have with not paying attention...', "This is a great tool for use in the kitchen.  It is small and of good quality.  If you are just washing a few dishes, grab the palm brush (which you prefill with soap) - push the button on top and wash away!  Very easy to use.  Very easy to fill.  Doesn't leak or seep soap out.  I am impressed with this economical tool by OXO.", "So far, so good. The lid is very tightly screwed on. The bristles, so far, are holding their own. I've only owned it a week, but with available replacements, I'm not too worried about them bending/breaking super early on.The button to release the soap is very sensitive. It's very hard to release just the tiniest of soap. I ordered this to not actually clean dishes, but clean out my pedestal sink as the bowl is rounded and oval and very hard to clean with a traditional brush. I'm two washings in and very happy.", 'I love it.  Very easy to use.  Just fill it with dishsoap and use when you want to wash a pan or dish without have to put it in the dishwasher.', "FUNCTION:Great for scrubbing pots, plates, pans, and bowls. This scrubs oily dishes without getting super oily itself. Its easy to use and comes with a screw off top so you can easily fill it with soap. You obviously can't really use this affectively on cups.", 'Great', 'Excellent product. No leaks. Just wish they came in multiple colors like the red, green and blue brushes for those of us wok keep kosher...', "I love this little cleaning tool and don't know what I did before I bought it! I love how neat it is, how easy to use it is and how fast it makes clean up!!", "I love this thing. Works well, eliminates a soap bottle at sink's side, and you can simply change the brush bit out for a new one when it gets too used for your liking. All in all, well conceived and executed.", "Appears to be well designed while you're at the store, so it creates a buy-urge. But once you wash with it, it's got wimpy bristles, it's not easy to use, and it's not easy to detect if soap is coming out.", "I had another one of these that leaked. This one doesn't. Beyond that, it does as it should--dispenses soap and provides a brush for washing dishes. Love it!", 'I love all of Oxo products and this little dish scrubber does not disappoint.  It is really sturdy and holds the dish soap in without it leaking.  It looks much nicer than a sponge or long dish brush and holds up really well.  It also fits really well in your hand and feels comfortable while you are using it.  I have been using it for over 6 months now and it is still in great shape, would highly recommend!', 'I bought this for the office break room and it works great.  It is easy to refill and super quick to clean dishes.', 'This is a very sturdy and nice palm brush.  So handy to use for my husband and myself.  We love it', 'Sturdy device, and have used with confidence ever since receipt.  Nice bowl drains pasta and the handle holds up well.  Pops into dishwasher and cleaned nicely. Was able to toss my rusty standby with confidence!', "I was making jelly for the first time, and bought this (since the recipe recommended a fine mesh sieve).  I should have probably bought a much larger one, since it didn't hold very much.  I was straining apples and peppers for the jelly, and it worked very well.", "I use it mostly for straining stock, and it's big enough to handle large quantities of liquid at a time.  The mesh is fine enough to catch even the smallest particles.", "I love this strainer because:  it's sturdy, rugged, holds its shape, has a tab to rest it on a bowl, cleans easily, has a great handle....  Really, what's not to love about this strainer.  I've even thrown this in the dishwasher.  There are cheaper strainers, but I doubt they're as well built as this strainer.", "I own many Oxo kitchen tools and the 6-inch strainer is another example of the company's dedication to producing quality products.  It is very sturdy with a fine mesh basket and is long enough to prop across the smaller side of my double sink.  This is not a large strainer, so if you want a more versatile size, the 8-inch strainer would be a better choice.", 'A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years, concentrating on Italian food for the last 10 years, writes this review. My favorite cookbooks are "The Professional Chef" by the Culinary Institute and "Culinary Artistry.  Cooking is my form of therapy.  I purchased this product when I began using citrus juice in many of my meals.  This product is very useful and has many more applications than just straining juice.Pros:1. Excellent for straining citrus juice to keep the seeds out of your foods2. Fits well over the top of a blender jar3. Hooks easily to the side of pans to keep if from slipping4. Great for straining spent vegetables from sauces5. Excellent for removing small pasta from boiling water6. Handle stays cool so that you don\'t need a potholder7. Nice flour sifter8. Makes a nice yogurt strainer for making a healthy non-fat yogurt cheese (line the inside with a paper towel or a couple of layers of cheese cloth)Cons:1. Cleaning is a little tedious (I find it works best if you soak it in another vessel that is filled with hot soapy water and use a brush to remove the residual "gunk")Overall, the concept is good and the product is useful and well made.  I recommend this product to anyone that loves to cook.', "I was looking for a strainer that would keep quinoa from falling through.  This one is perfect.  Other reviewers said it was good for quinoa.That was a deciding factor for me.  So thanks to the people who thought to mention it.  This strainer is well made and seems sturdy.  I'm very pleased.", 'I purchased this strainer specifically for straining cold brewed iced coffee.  The size is perfect and lets me do a large volume at one time.  My only complaint is that it has started to rust already after not too long.  I love OXO products though and would highly recommend.', 'Bought both the 6" and 8" Oxo sieves.  Useful every day for cooking tasks; for boiling little bits of things to go along what\'s in the pot, or for straining what comes out of it.  Great size and sturdy construction.  (Although I think they are too expensive.  After all, they are only strainers to remove water from food.)', "The worst part of making Quinoa is the rinsing part.  And it can get messy with all those tiny grains.  My strainers were not fine enough to prevent some from falling through the screen.  Saw some reviews saying this was good for quinoa.  I have used it several times and it works perfectly.  I've always had good luck with Good Grips OXO brand.  Another great buy!I am not sure if it is available cheaper in stores as none of the stores in my town carried this item.  I would check stores first to price compare.", "This was a very high priced strainer. I wasn't sure about purchasing but am glad I did. It works well for the smallest grains, Quinoa for example, that I use. It should last a very long time considering it is extremely heavy duty and the ones I had which were of much lower quality lasted 10 plus years. I figure I have bought my last strainer.", "Perfect for rinsing a few berries, tomatoes. The mesh is pretty small, too, so you can use it to rinse Quinoa and it doesn't pass through.", 'Well constructed. Does what it should do. I had no problems with it. I should have bought the bigger 8&#34; size.', 'I generally like OXO Good Grips products and this is no exception. Beautiful, sturdy, and rests nicely on a pot with the stainless steel parts. Recommended.', "I bought this strainer to strain my home-made soy milk and it does a great job. It seems to be rather sturdy (I'm referring to another review), but time will tell.", "This strainer is quite nice.  I really like that I can rinse quinoa without the grains slipping through.  I'll report how it holds up next year.", 'It fits inside my pot to steam broccoli. I use it to scoop shrimp or other things out of larger pots. Easy to clean.', "I had reservations about buying sight unseen because it's a lot more pricy than the basics.Il bought the six inch to save a few bucks.Turns out I wish they made a seven inch. The eight is kinda big the six is slightly small :-(That said, the build and the amazingly fine mesh (almost could strain coffee wo a filter!) make it worth every penny. IIf you want to save some $ get the 8 inch else you'll end up like me and buying BOTH.-awr", "The mesh on this strainer really sets it apart from other, cheaper versions. It doesn't indent or bend out of shape like others do.  The handle has a nice grip, and the hook on the opposite end is great for leaving something straining over a bowl.The best feature is how well it cleans. Sauces, fruits, vegetables, soft cheeses, flour, and everything else I've thrown at it do not get stuck in the mesh, and it looks as good as new. Ask a cheaply made strainer to do those things, and some bits get stuck. You can't go wrong with this one!", 'My wife needed to replace her 6" plastic strainer. Based on reviews I bought this, but it useless. It measures 6" across but has a thickish rim so it is actually less. In addition it is very shallow and holds minimal amount of food. Much shallower than the one we had. It is more like a big tea strainer.', 'My wife wanted one to strain quinoa and this one works great! Well made and seems durable.  Highly recommended for use with quinoa!', 'This small mesh strainer is ideal for straining nut milks and fresh made juices.I bought this to replace my nut milk bag (too difficult to clean well) and cheesecloth (not reusable.)  It is an ideal size and easy to clean.  Because it is stainless steel, after a good rinse under the faucet, it can be placed in the dishwasher.I have used this strainer so much I am considering purchasing another.', "Fairly large. OXO always make great product. I bought this for the french press coffee grounds and i didn't want to clog up my kitchen sink and this item works great.", 'This strainer has just the right size mesh for straining puddings. The handle fits nicely into my hand, very comfortable. ATK says the handle will break but I am not that hard on equipment. It was very slightly out of round when it arrived, like it might bend easily.', 'This is a great little strainer, its serves many purposes.  Its especially great for rinsing berries and quinua (sp)', "Very well made and durable strainer. Cleans up nicely. Would like the mesh to be a little tighter. Things like separated butter solids strain through with the clarified butter, but nothing that lining the strainer with a few layers of cheesecloth can't solve. Worth the money.", 'Just what I needed. Sturdy with easy handle to use. Great quality. I have 2 of these.', 'I have recently started to do alot more baking and also using a deep fryer for cooking turkeys, onion rings, etc. and also frying doughnuts.I am hoping to open a B&B; next year and need to try out many different receipes to see the cost involved and also the time required to make them.  After all, as in any job, time is money.  Another important consideration is how well things pass the taste test.  Believe me, my friends are loving it. lolIt came to my attention after needing to strain oil and also flour and 10X sugar that I did not have a versitale strainer.  I remember my Grandmother had several and used them often but her\'s either were to old or "missing".After alot or contemplation over the various strainers available I decided on this oneOXO Good Grips 8-Inch Double Rod Strainer.  So far it has actually exceeded my expectations.I have used it to strain the oil from the deep fryer and also to sift flour and also confectionary sugar ontoEbelskivers: Danish-Style Filled Pancakes And Other Sweet And Savory Treatsfor a finishing touch.  I can not recommend the Ebelskivers high enough either.  They are so light and airy and you can make them for any time of day meal.  Do yourself a favor and check them out.  Also, if you think you may like them, try theNorpro 3113 Cast-Aluminum Nonstick Aebleskiver Stuffed-Pancake Pan, works great and no mess clean up.Anyways, back to the strainer.It is a double mesh strainer which allows it to be so versitale.  Cleaning is a snap by just rinising it in water after use.So, in conclusion, if you are looking for a strainer I recommend this one.  Granted it may be a bit pricey but it will definitely replace any need to buy different mesh strainers or for that matter a flour sifter.  The size is also ideal because you can do so many things with it without it being way to large or way to small.', "I'm not even sure what prompted me to buy this but I use it all the time so now I'm wondering how I got along without it.  I use it to wash rice and beans or anything else I want to strain the liquid from to make sauces.  Under the heading of too much information my garbage disposal recently died and my sink has always been slow draining so I've been using it to strain out the dredges from soaking pans.  It's disgusting but it helps keep the drain running.  Fairly easy clean up.", "I've been using this strainer about every other day for a couple months now and it still looks brand new. It's stayed very stiff and it's the right length for setting across a standard double sink so you can pour your food into it without it falling over.", "She loves it. Says it's the best one she's ever seen or used in her 84 years of life. Perfect size for straining all kinds of things. Lightweight, but sturdy.", 'The mesh is double which makes it very strong and the handle is comfortable and strong... It is great for small items that might go through the holes of another strainer. This is the best mesh strainer I have. It is small in size. I love it for tiny pasta, crushed pineapple, etc.', "We bought this to rinse our quinoa.  It's mesh is fineenough to where the product does not leak through.It is not flimsy and seems to be well made.", 'I love this finer mesh for the sprouting that I do.  The handle is good to sit in my sink and easy to clean.', "I am a foodie and as such, I own quite a few strainers. This is the first Good Grips strainer I've purchased and although I love almost everything Oxo makes, I was still surprised at the size, quality and fineness of the mesh on this one.Do your math, this is a HUGE strainer compared to most hand-held strainers, but the mesh is quite fine and yet sturdy at the same time.It's without a doubt the best strainer I've purchased anywhere. I hung it on a hook because it's too big for my various utensil crocks, but I find myself reaching for it even for pasta, for which I'd normally use a colander.Considering the 4 for 3 deal going on right now, it was a superb value, as well.I intend to buy the smaller versions, as well, to replace my older strainers.Oxo seems to make their products better and better all the time. I have yet to get a 'dud' from the Good Grips collection.", "I broke two strainers trying to make seedless blackberry jam, and everything else in the house had holes that were too large. I put the berries and the juice in the freezer and waited for this strainer to arrive. It's perfect--for everything you need a strainer for. It's sturdy, has two layers of mesh and is the right size.", "I had a collection of terrible strainers, all of which were either flimsy (either in the rim or the strainer material), had holes that were too big or had cheap handles that became loose. This is the exact opposite of everything I hated about all those other strainers, so I tossed them all after trying this one a few times, and I'll probably end up buying a second one.", "It might seem expensive, but the quality is excellent, and I can tell it will last for years and years.  The sieve is very fine and holds a lot--great for my making yogurt cheese and baking needs.  Really love this, and the handle is very comfortable, too (as are most OXO tools).  The little tip on the opposite side is terrific for supporting it in a bowl, something I consider essential but many sieves don't have.  This was worth every penny!", "You always know you're going to get a quality product with oxo good grips- nothing too fancy, but sturdy and well-built.  This product is no exception.  I use it for quinoa since it has mesh fine enough to not let any through.", "Well made, attractive and functional--like pretty much everything by Oxo!This strainer is just fine enough to be useful for applications where you can't have big holes--such as draining couscous. But the holes aren't too small to make it generally useful. It is also my go to for everything else--washing blueberries, a small amount of pasta etc.The size is perfect for most household tasks...it fits over a large bowl or pyrex container. It is dishwasher safe.If I don't give it a fifth star it is for the simple reason that I would prefer an all metal handle. I really don't understand the point of a plastic handle for a strainer...I have one with an attractive metal handle by another company (a pricey Euro brand I can't find any more of) and it never gets hot even when using it to strain pasta right out of the pot or other hot food.I don't like the plastic handle because it is less attractive than an all metal handle, less comfortable (at least for my small hands!) and raises the risk that it can melt if I am careless and leave the handle too close to a flame. No strainer handle should be over a flame, but if I make a mistake it will take longer to cause a problem!", 'I have owned any number of strainers over the years, but never one like this.  It is thoughtfully designed and made of quality materials.  I am looking forward to many years of service from this strainer.', 'Very fine strainer.  Great job with straining quinoa, which cannot be done in most sieves. Looks nice hanging on my pot rack.', 'I bought this today to strain my homemade yogurt. While it holds about 4 cups ultimately (waited a bit for some of the whey to drain, then added more), it allowed more "white" to wash into the "clear yellow" whey than I would have preferred...I think.  I\'m planning to start making ricotta cheese from the leftover whey and I suppose that would capture the white milky yogurt that washed thru and convert it to ricotta.  My yogurt usually isn\'t really runny before straining, either.  However, after I strained the yogurt to the desired consistency, I took the remaining whey and sent it thru the gold mesh coffee filter and that captured most of what had escaped this OXO strainer.  It IS a good quality.  It IS large...so large in fact, I\'m not sure how I\'d put it in the fridge overnight to make yogurt cheese.  It would be helpful in the kitchen in other ways but where do I keep it in my very small kitchen?  It\'s probably going back for a more compact model of yogurt strainer that\'ll fit in the fridge.Update:  OK, not going back.  All the other yogurt strainers on the market aren\'t big enough or are too delicate.  This holds enough that I can strain 2 qts. of yogurt at a time in about 20 min. It allows some white thru but like I said above, I\'m straining that thru the gold coffee filter into "cream cheese."  As far as storing it, I haven\'t had a chance to! I keep on using it on other things - I love quinoa so... Its temporary resting place is the dish drainer ;)', 'I love OXO products for they have never failed me and are so easy to clean.  Definitely a fan , Highly recommend them.', "I had a strainer that my mother used for many years.  It didn't owe me a thing when it fell apart!  I could see a real difference in this one.  Extremely well made...might be able to hand down to my granddaughter!  The mesh is very fine and does an excellent job!  Very pleased.", "This is well made. Sturdy and i'm sure it will last for a long time.", "It's a steel mesh strainer. How much can one say about it? It does what it's supposed to do and it's well made.", 'I was looking for a BPA free fine strainer to rinse quiona and this one fit the bill perfectly! Oxo makes great, dependable products.', 'This has worked great for us.  I love the hook on one end that allows me to rest the strainer on a bowl and free up my hands.  I am very happy with the purchase.', 'I was disappointed in the insubstantial feeling and quality of the stainless steel....made in China, btw.  I doubt it will meet the requirements of durability  and longevity I had come to expect from OXO.Frankly, I am disappointed.', "I began soaking and rinsing all my nuts, seeds and grains to remove the unhealthy acids. I use this to rinse the food in filtered water. It's big, easy to handle, and high quality. OXO is reliable.", "I bought this to replace an old strainer I had used for years that had belonged to my Mother. This OXO strainer was the closest I could find to what I had been using. It seems very well made and the mesh is secure in the handle and does not push out on the sides which will  keep food from catching up under the rim.This  is actually nicer than I expected it to be, I like it. It will be used for straining seeds out of fresh squeezed lemon/lime juices, pulp from making almond milk, and for any of the smaller jobs that don't require a larger strainer. The little loop on the end helps this balance on bowls making it easy to pour your food without spilling. The handle has a nice grip that doesn't get hot and is easy to hold. I have no doubt that this will last for years.", "If you need a Strainer you can't go wrong with this one.  It's verysturdy and has an excellent rubber handle for easy gripping.", 'This is a great strainer. When I wrapped it up for my fianc&eacute; and put it under the tree he knew what it was immediately. He was excited to get it and I love when he cooks for me so WIN WIN! the quality of this product is good. Buy it, or regret it.', "I use this to strain jars of fruit, boiled potatoes, etc.  It's a good size, not flimsy and hasn't rusted.or had the mesh pull away from the rim.  I've had it for a long time and am just reviewing it now.  Would definitely buy this again if it were lost...meaning if my son or husband took it.", "Somehow I've managed to cook for 40 years without owning a strainer, yet now that I have this I find I'm using it all the time.  So much so that I hung it on the tool rack with the other everyday essentials.  Great size, well made, sturdy, and even looks nice.", "I had been making do with a smaller strainer which has been retired. I have a colander but now use this more. I can prop one end of one side of a standard-sized sink with the handle on the other side and do whatever I need without worry it will fall off. Easily cleaned as well.  I hand wash mine but I can;t see why you couldn't put it in the dishwasher.", 'Finding the right items to start the perfect kitchen for two is so easy thanks to OXO.  I love their good grips products.  All the handles look great, but are also very comfortable and practical.  This strainer fits in well to a kitchen for feeding 2 or 3 people.  You can use this double rod strainer not only for straining, but also for sifting flour, draining, and if need be - awkwardly steaming veggies over boiling water.It seems most people might go for the 8" instead, but this one works perfectly for making gnocchi from scratch.  You have to make few enough in each batch that they can all rise to the top at once.  Then you scoop them all up with the strainer (the bigger strainer may be hard to fit in many pots).  Drain the gnocchi and place on a paper towel.  Since you can do all this with one hand, you can use your other hand to grab more gnocchi to start a-boilin\' quick as can be.Whatever you use it for, this is a high quality strainer that will last.', "Excellent product!  Would make a wonderful wedding shower gift.  If you have any cooks in your family or friends without this strainer, it would make a wonderful gift! I'm 64 and can't believe I was willing to pay this much for a strainer, but I'd definitely do it again!", "I bought this to strain quinoa that would've slipped through the larger slits in my pasta colander.  Gets the job done.", 'Another well thought out product from OXO. I was looking for something that made washing quinoa less tedious.  I bought this particular strainer because another reviewer was pleased with its preformance.  I am too.  It was not that hard to clean by hand, and it takes up little space in the cabinet.', "I often rinse quiona or rices only to lose some down the drain.  So, I bought this super strainer which has solved the problem.  It's quite large, so easily holds two cups of grain.  I don't use it a lot, but it seems to be fine quality and is certainly holding up well for me.", 'excellent grip as is all OXO gear. the loop at the end makes all the difference if your straining to a bowl. The mesh is also durable and holding up well.', "I went to a big chain store that sold several varieties of look-alike strainers. I tested them all by pushing down firmly on the mesh, approximating the amount of pressure I would use if I was trying to get the last juices out of meats and veggies from a homemade stock. The OXO was the only one that held together. On every other strainer, the screen came off the rim.I've been using this strainer regularly for a year. I am quite impressed by it. It is still in perfect shape. There is no rust nor discoloration. The wire mesh is still perfectly intact, smooth and round (unlike other strainers I've owned that are riddled with dimples). The handle has not bent one bit. The mesh has also been fine enough for all of my needs, without having to also use a cheesecloth as I did with other strainers.", 'This a Heavy Duty strainer and the mesh is quite stiff and the handle is thick and sturdy, which is great for pushing stuff through it. It is large enough to hold a whole can of veggies. Like it a lot!', "Over many years I've purchased strainers.  The white plastic kind, the wooden handle kind, but none have ever matched the quality of this strainer.  The mesh is fine. It's tight and very well made. Sure, you can find another strainer that costs less, but will you be satisfied?  If you have strainers that have mesh which is caved in, warped or coming apart, give this one a shot.It's been through the dishwasher many times and has no discoloration.", 'It\'s amazing what a difference quality tools will make in the kitchen. My old strainers did the job. They... well, strained. But they were getting rusty and they just felt cheap. These strainers simply feel great. The handle has a good grip to it, the mesh will have you rubbing it a little when nobody\'s looking, and it just looks classy. The 8" size is the perfect general-use size. The price is a little steep for what I\'d normally want to pay for a simple tool, but it was worth it.', "No problems here.  It's a strainer and it strains.  It looks like it's made well and like it will last for quite a while.", 'We use this all of the time! It is amazing. Sturdy and durable with very fine double layered mesh - so no matter what you are needing to strain -- this will handle the job nicely.  I was worried that it would be a hard item to clean after use - but happily it cleans up in a flash and I have not had any problems with food being trapped in it at all.', 'I find that all the items I get for my kitchen form the OXO brand are just perfect. It\'s reliable and not expensive and the rubber handles that they always use are awesome, nothing slips and falls out of my hands. This is meant for sauces, to make them smooth and silky but I really use it for just about anything. The 6" diameter is large enough to strain potatoes and pasta, I usually don\'t cook for an army so if I was feeding more than 2 -3 people I would get the large size as well, but so far this has worked out perfectly. I still want to get a nice colander but when I\'m draining something quickly this is easy to hold with one hand and pot or pan in other over the sink for a quick drain. The rubber handle takes the pressure of the hand and makes any job easier; I can really hold everything in one hand without bending my wrist in unnatural angles.The mesh basket is very well made and tightly woven, it lets all the liquid through without a problem and I never loose any food since the spaces are very small. After months of use and washing the shape doesn\'t have any dents in it and it\'s a cinch to wash, overall I use this anytime I wash fruits or drain pasta, potatoes and any veggies, its great for soaking anything that I want to remove quickly and all at once, like dried mushrooms or beans and so far no rust. Heck, you can even put powder sugar in this or flour for baking and sieve it to perfection.  I love buying kitchen tools and gadgets, problems is washing it all and running out of space, but its fun and it makes cooking and eating that much more pleasant.- Kasia S.', "I have multiple sizes of strainers in my kitchen because they are so extremely handy to have around. I love OXO products in general, and this one matches their usual standard. It is well made with double weave, that is, two separate layers of mesh to prevent even very small particles from getting through. It is a good size to fit over the top of myVita-Mix blender, and it has a handy hook to keep it from slipping away from hot pots. The handle doesn't heat up, which is very important. Finally, in a pinch, it can double as a flour sifter.Highly recommended.", 'I got this for my chef in training daughter.  She loves it and uses it all of the time.  Well worth the money.', 'I love this bad boy, good handle, good size drainage, and it sits across bowls or pots really well.  Glad I purchased it and would recommend it again, in a minute.', "If you are using this to rinse berries, or strain pasta, it works just fine. However, if you have to shake it for any length of time (for instance, when sifting flour and cornstarch together repeatedly), the handle is really uncomfortable to hold. It's the first disappointing OXO product I've bought.", "I have been strainerless for a few years. I have somehow muddled through, but now that I have this awesome strainer, I don't see how I made it. Like most OXO products, this has a great grippy handle. The mesh is tight enough to catch even small chunks, and the strainer is large enough so I can balance it across my sink. Love it.", "Frustrated with trying to wash small grains using my colander lined with cheesecloth, I ordered this mesh strainer.  To my delight, this strainer exceeds my expectations!I decided on the 6-inch size because I wanted to be able to scoop up spaetzle from boiling water, or skim the solids and foam that rise to the top of my broth.  For these duties, the 6-inch size is perfect.  It fits into my 3-quart saucepan with enough room to swirl it around to catch the goodies.It's pretty deep, too, holding two cups of grain.  In fact, if you need exactly two cups of grain, you could simply pour the grain straight into this strainer, up to the bottom of the steel rim.  No need for a measuring cup!After washing the strainer, I recommend hanging or standing it upright to dry.  At first, I laid it flat on my drying rack, but the mesh didn't want to drain out very quickly.  When I stood it up, the mesh drained out immediately.  All stainless steel will rust if it's left wet for long enough, so make sure the mesh is dry before storing it.As for storing this, know that it's a fairly large strainer, measuring 14 inches long and (of course) 6 inches across.  I simply lay mine across my colander.  Perfect solution for my small kitchen.Cleaning this strainer could be a challenge if it becomes covered in batter or other thick, sticky ingredients (like cooked pasta.)  Remember to soak items in COLD water before washing and that will help break the protein bonds.  I used my potato scrubber to clean this strainer after a messy job.  The mesh is so sturdy that it will stand up to real scrubbing!One of my favorite things about this strainer is that it feels balanced when full.  It doesn't have a tendency to tip over on its side in your hand like some other strainers do.  Maybe that is because of the double rod construction, or perhaps it is the flatter handle grip (not round like the wooden ones.)  Whatever the reason, it is a joy to use.I like this strainer so much I may add the 8-inch version to my collection.  Highly recommend!", 'Today I Used It For The First Time, I Bought It To Replace My Old Strainer.This One Seems To Have A Better Screen (A Fine Screen) This Also Fits My 3 Qt Pot PerfectlySo No Problems, And Looks Nice.', 'This brand is pretty cheap and the handle is flimsy. It should also not show up in the fine sieve category since it is not really a fine mesh sieve, it is a strainer.', "The size of this makes it perfect for what I use it for; incorporating flour, baking soda, salt, baking powder, etc when baking.  It's large size make it a suitable substitution for a more expensive French tami.  Unlike a tami this has the ability to be suspended over a bowl hands free.  It's also handy as a cooling sieve for freshly roasted coffee beans.", "About the only thing she wished was that the basket part was deeper, and perhaps an inch wider, but it certainly works as is.  And, the quality of the product is excellent!  She compared to the one it replaces and there really is no comparison.  She had bought that old one at a store similar to K-mart, as an example.  It had lasted her about 12 years but then the basket separated from the flimsy edge holder.  I fully expect this Good Grips unit to last the rest of our lives, it's so sturdy and well made.", "This is a very sturdy strainer.  I've used it with both hot and cold items and it works well with both. The mesh is small enough that I was able to use it to wash medium sized grain without losing any.  I've placed it in the dishwasher multiple times and it hasn't rusted.", 'High quality, fine mesh.  I use this for washing berries, straining bacon grease for keeping in the fridge (for future cooking)&#8230; so glad that I finally bought a mesh strainer instead of trying to get the colander to work for some of these finer jobs/needs.', 'I love this strainer.  It has everything I want, including:-wide enough span to sit across the sink (very important in my book!)-fine enough mesh to strain something as fine as rice or even seeds from strawberry puree-sturdy construction-large enough to strain pasta for 6 peopleLove love love it.', "I find I use this a lot to strain my plain whole milk yogurt overnight to make Greek yogurt, clean rice, rinse beans, etc.  It's the perfect size for so many things and fits my pots perfectly.", "I ordered this as a large strainer for juice and yogurt but it is not as tightly woven as need-be. After using this, I could still get out a good bit of pulp when using my smaller but super fine mesh strainer. I returned it in hopes to find one just as large but more fine. For other applications, I'm sure this would be fine though.", "I've been using this strainer for a long time now almost daily and highly recommend it. It proven to be sturdy and durable.", "I own two of these strainers, and they are used almost daily for a variety of tasks. They are hanging on hooks on my kitchen wall to keep them near at hand, and save on storage space. I started out with one, then realized I wanted a second one because I sometimes prepare Indian dahl and basmati rice. Both the rice and the lentils are washed several times and then soaked before cooking, but usually cooked separately. I like to wash and soak them in the strainers in bowls of water. The strainers are a perfect size for this task. Each one can fit down really well in its own large mixing bowl. After soaking, I can just lift them out, drain, and I'm ready to cook. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's great because they are long enough to suspend right over a standard size sink from one side to the other. Handy for draining things.More recently, I have been experimenting with eating a raw food diet.  There can be a fair amount of soaking nuts, dates etc involved in the process.  So, if anything, my strainers are more in use then ever.  The mesh is very fine, so you could sprout seeds in them if you suspend over a bowl, and cover with a damp cloth to keep them from drying out between rinses.I also like the tightness in the area where the screen meets the surrounding metal that holds it in place. In some strainers this is loose, and so a lot of small particles of food stuff can get under the rim and be trapped.  Waste of food, and yuck!I have had both strainers for several years. I am by no means delicate with my kitchen stuff, quite the opposite (not proud of this trait, but it's true). These have been packed and moved a couple of times also. Still in excellent condition.For those who are concerned with cost, I bought each of mine at Bed, Bath & Beyond with a 20% off coupon.  This made them a bit more affordable, and quick if you need one right away.  I shop at Whole Foods, but I would never, ever by OXO products there as one reviewer mentioned.  Not with B B & B around nearby, where the price is lower even without the 20% off coupon.  Hope this information helps.", "This strainer is pretty small.  I bought this to replace my large strainer that's many years old.  The pictures of this one make it seem bigger than it is.  First of all it's pretty shallow, it maybe holds 2 pounds of hamburger to be strained, but likely it would tip on its own (if you had it resting on the sink like I do.)  I wouldn't use this for pasta as it would overflow easily.  It does have a great handle, and the opposing loop helps it sit in a sink.  But I was hoping for something larger.  Our old strainer easily holds double what this one does and had two prongs on the other side so that it wouldn't tip when rested on a bowl or the sink.", "I can't think of any way I'd improve this strainer; the mesh is substantial enough that it hasn't taken any dents and is still in perfect shape after lots of use. The handle is rubbery enough to be nice and grippy while coming perfectly clean in the dishwasher along with the rest of the strainer. I hadn't cared about that little lip opposite the handle when I ordered the thing, but it's a thoughtful addition: it doubles as a bowl/pan rest and a place from which you can hang the strainer if so desired.Looks great, cleans easily, and ... you know ... strains effectively too.", 'As always, OXO is high quality.  It fits perfect balancing in my sink and is used constantly for everything.  It washes clean so easy.', 'perfect.  It strains quinoa which is a devil to get thru anything else.  before I had this I would sorta smush it till the water came out..this solved the problem and also helped me w/boiling pastina.', "I cook a lot, so needed to replace my existing strainer. This one is very sturdy and well made. It's large, but I'd rather have the large one (that would still handle smaller quantities), than a smaller one that wouldn't handle bigger tasks.", 'This is a nice strainer and well constructed.  It is small, so not good for large jobs. more words required', 'I make seedless black raspberry jam and this worked great, Held up to my pushing the fruit thru to get rid of seeds', "I got tired of getting scratched by the old fraying strainer we used to use so I bought this.  It's great and you can set it securely over a pan.", 'After a messy lesson that quinoa was too fine for my finest strainer, I went looking for something that would work. Thanks to awesome Amazon reviewers who specifically stated that quinoa would work with this strainer, I bought - and am glad I did. It works well, and is very sturdy. I posted a few pics to gauge better on size (I got the 8") and for those curious, yes - it is dishwasher safe! (I haven\'t tried yet, but that\'s what the tag says).', 'The build is quality and a decent strainer. I just wish the mesh was a little finer to filter more out. Does do a good job though overall.', 'I have the 3" (OXO Good Grips 3-Inch Mini Strainer), 6" and 8" strainers in this design.  The 3" is extremely small so personally I would recommend buying only the 6 & 8" sizes unless you have something in particular you would use the 3" strainer for.  Overall these strainers are very sturdy, the handle is solidly fixed to the strainer, and the mesh is very rigid and keeps it\'s shape well (you can\'t poke it and make it deform).  The holes are very small which allows you to strain almost anything without losing part of what you\'re straining.  These may be a bit more expensive than your average strainer but the quality makes them worth the extra money and I\'m confident they will hold up for a long long time.', "This is a great strainer.  What I really love is the size including the length of it.  What's great is that it fits perfectly across my sink so that I can just set it there and pour into it, rather than having to hold it while pouring (which would be messy).  I didn't know how much of a difference this would make before I bought it and I'm glad that I got lucky in purchasing this item.  My sink is a typical size but if you have a very large sink this might not work for you.It's a solid and well made strainer that doesn't feel like it will ever fall apart.Glad I bought it.", "The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is its limited use and capacity! Handy to have around for small tasks where only one hand is required. Easily cleans. Nice grip that doesn't slide.", 'High quality fine mesh strainer. Works great for anything you need to double strain like soups. Has a nice loop that rests against the pot and a comfortable handle.', 'This is a kitchen tool. It is well built with the dual wire/rod handle and solid, durable rubber grip. It is more expensive than the plastic models, but this will be around a lot longer as long as the kids do not use it in the sandbox to strain sand. Then again, the metal construction may survive that. My plastic handled one did not.', 'This is a very good, well made, functional, relatively easy to clean small strainer which gets a lot of use in our house.', "I have two of these sized strainers. They're perfect for berries or straining soup or rinsing rice.  I use them for everything!", 'I haved used it twice.  I also have the six since version.  Both are very good strainers.  Very are ridged.  The mesh is good enough to sift cake flower.  They have a good feel to them.', 'Another excellent kitchen utensil from OXO, this strainer is great in many ways. In additional to use when sifting, it is useful as a colander. Sturdy, good quality finish. I expect many years of use from this utensil.', 'I returned this strainer because I found one at the dollar store. I am sure it would have worked great for me, but I am also sure that the one that I got at the dollar store would work the same.', 'I find I reach for it often. The mesh is pretty fine so straining stock/sauce with lots of small bits, it can get clogged -- but it strains everything. Have been using this strainer for four years and it looks new. We run it through the dishwasher.The little hook is nice from hanging it on a bowl. It fits in the corner of my sink to allow a slow drain (like for frozen veggies). Nice. As we think about downsizing, I may find a slightly bigger one to add and then give away big colanders.', "This is a nice size to take care of just about every need I would use it for in my cooking. I'm glad I chose this one versus a smaller one since I usually cook larger batches of items for storing later. Can't wait to use it to make homemade ice creams!", "I wanted a strainer that would serve to rinse tiny grains of quinoa.My own strainer wouldn't work and I couldn't find a better one in any local store.  This strainer is large enough and filters well enough to do this task.", "This is an absolutely perfect size.  It is not so big that you won't find a place to store it, but large enough to hold a bunch of angel hair pasta that would slip right out of the little holes in a traditional colander.  It also fits over the sink so that I can pour the pasta (or whatever I'm draining) right into it, water and all, and have the water drain into the sink.It doesn't say in the description, but this is a double weave strainer.  In other words, there are two layers of thin metal mesh to ensure even the smallest seeds and particles are caught in the net.It has a traditional soft black rubber Oxo handle, too.  This is important when using it over the sink as it keeps it from slipping around when the water hits it.Nice!", "Wonderful stainless steel strainer. Initially I bought the 6-inch and I was so pleased with it I decided I'd buy the 8-inch also as the fine mesh is perfect for sifting dry ingredients so I could ditch my old single purpose sifter. Great for scooping pasta out of boiling water.I really like OXO products...well made, user-friendly, dishwasher safe and they continue to look like new for years.", "I can't believe I had to order this online. This is the best strainer ever. It is the perfect size. Bed Bath and Beyond does not sell this size. The handles are very comfortable and it is so easy to clean compared with other strainers.", "I'm an OXO girl so I have never had a problem with any product or item I have purchased. Love my oxo's!", "This strainer has a very fine mesh, as was noted by another reviewer, so I decided to try it.  I was SO pleased to fine a utensil with a fine enough mesh to be able to wash and rinse quinoa, since it's a very tiny granular grain that slips through most other  strainer screens.  Previous to buying the Oxo strainer, I had resorted to lining my other mesh strainer with coffee filters, which worked, but was a real pain to get the grain off the filter.  The mesh on this one also seems to be stiffer than some other models of strainers.  I have had to discard several other strainers of a similar type, that have had the screen crumple and pull away from the framework, over the years.  I am very happy with this item.", "If you're straining stock or broth, this is a real time saver.  You don't need to bother with cheesecloth -- this double rod strainer gives you a very clear product.  It's nicely made, and will probably last a long time.", "This  Strainer is  Well Made, Sturdy and  a very important  item  l in my kitchen.  It's not just any old Strainer, it's Special.", 'I love this strainer, it is top notch and high quality! Spend the money for quality items and no regrets!', 'This thing strains it all! Seriously. I had grounds in my coffee last weekend and instead of what I normally do (put a filter over my cup and wait) I grabbed this and boom! No ants in my coffee!', "This is an excellent, sturdy strainer with generous capacity. I actually own two of them. Pops in the dishwasher to clean. The handle is of a good size. If you have a hanging rack (I don't), you'll probably like the clip at the top.", "This strainer looks nice and has a solid feel. I expect it to last a very long time. If you're looking for an ordinary hand-held strainer, this is a fine choice. Perhaps it would be nice if the handle were lighter so that the mesh could sit on a pot without having to be held in place; you'll need a separate strainer to do that. But for most purposes, this is excellent.", 'It does its job, it hasn\'t come apart, and it shows no signs of rusting or breaking.  All I want is a tool that does its job well.  This one does exactly that.  Its hardest use in my household is straining "things" from my beer and mead brewing experiments.  That typically means 5 gallons of hot fluid with varying weights of things that must be strained out.  No problems.', "Didn't realize how sad my old strainer was until I bought this as a gift for my future son in law. Went back and bought another for myself.It is sturdy, has nice fine mesh, and actually reaches across my sink to balance completely.", "I love quinoa, but didn't love rinsing it first. It's important to rinse it first to reduce the phytic acid in it, otherwise you will get digestive problems. Any strainer I had ended up with bits of quinoa stuck in the strainer, and such a pain to clean! This one is perfect! I bought the 6 inch one, and it's the perfect size, just large enough, just deep enough, for one or several portions of quinoa! I rinse it thoroughly, then dump it in the pan, and nothing gets stuck!! I'm so happy with this purchase. Can't speak for how it will wear or rust over time... I thought it was a bit pricey, but it's very sturdy and worth the price, so right now I highly recommend it!", 'This strainer takes a beating and always performs well. I have used it daily for ten years and had no problems.', 'Works.  Very well made.  Price was good.  Balled melon to make a fruit basket.  It came out beautiful. It makes perfect balls with skill.', 'What rapture. What joy. A gizmo that works like it should. OXO products are the best. Merry Christmas to all.', "This will get you the two most common sizes for melon/vegetable balling and it's comfortable to use.  No complaints at all.", 'The melon baller works well. It makes easy cuts of little round balls and then releases them well. The availability of two sizes is fantastic. The handle however is not too comfy to hold. For a single melon it works fine, but if you are going to be using it a lot of long stretches of time, look for a better handle to hold.', 'I purchased this to replace my antiquaited bent melon baller that I have had for over 20 years. This new new has a great hand/weight feel, soft handle for marathon balling and clean edges for even balling with ease. I have many OXO tools on my baking/cooking apron. Very happy with my purchase.', "The two-scoop model like this hurts my hand when I use them, the sharp opposite end cuts into my hand. I've gotten rid of mine and switched to a model with only one scoop. Now there is no problem with this style:Cuisinart CTG-01-MBL Curve Handle Melon Baller", 'good tool for scooping out melons. It stays sharp forever. easy to use. way easier than using a spoon.', 'I own a lot of OXO brand kitchen tools and have never been disappointed by their quality and versatility. I initially bought this to produce nice sized melon balls for fruit trays and fruit salads; it does a wonderful job. However, I have also used this to core apples for baked apples, core seeded cucumbers, make individual butter balls, drop cookies, meatballs, etc.This tool offers two different size balls which are at either end of the implement. It has a good grip and works well with no slippage. It is comfortable to use and surprisingly efficient.It is dishwasher proof and sturdy enough to last a lifetime.', "It works so well and easily.  Very easy to use.  It has a tiny, tiny hole in at the most apex portion of the curved metal which it brilliant so that after you wash it, water doesn't hold.  I'm assuming the hole may be for other purposes as well, such as ease released of the fruit.  I mainly use it to core my apples and wow, how convenient!!", "I previously had a &quot;Brand X&quot; melon baller which, with occasional use, developed a cracked handle which I had to tape to keep together and later, the scoop end broke off! I broke down and got the best... the OXO is really sturdy and, as with all their products, comfortable to use. I can tell I'll get years of use out of it without it falling to pieces like my previous one. It just goes to show, even with a product that only gets occasional use, it doesn't pay to get a cheap one!", 'This product is amazing. I can use it to cut watermelon into serving size pieces with no trouble! Also, OXO makes durable products.', "Well, it's a melon baller..not much to say... The edges are very sharp and it makes perfect melon balls (and cheese balls, and avocado balls, etc).  Very sturdy and well made!", 'The two different sizes are why I use this one. I use the small to remove seeds. The larger end I use to make perfect melon balls for a pretty fruit salad.', "I use this little tool in so many ways, and hardly ever for melon balls! It's great for shaping meatballs, making uniform-sized drop cookies, small ice cream scoops for single serving desserts, scooping the seeds out of cucumbers and apples, etc. It's just a great thing to have around. This one in particular has a great grip on it, and the convenience of two sizes of scoops.  Definitely a must-have for my kitchen.", "I searched for this item on Amazon and read all the positive reviews and forgot to checkout.Ended up at Target over the weekend and bought. I was excited based on the reviews online.I had gotten a honeydew and was excited to try it out.Mine never made 'balls' but long strips and jagged lines.It seemed to be a waste of time and money since I could've done that myself with a regular spoon vs. buying a kitchen tool which will likely not be used again.Disappointing.", "Well there's not much you can say about a melon baller. It works? I don't use it on melons, I use it to make meatballs and cake balls, and the large scoop is really good for that. I can imagine that there are situations where the little scoop is also useful, but I personally don't use it. The handle is really great because of its texture. When your fingers are slimy (making meatballs, etc. can be a messy business), it's a good grip to hold onto.", 'This does what is supposed to- it takes some practice to get the technique of making nice fruit balls but works well.', "When possible, I always purchase OXO products, as I find them as well made and durable as the more expensive brands. If for any reason one of their products breaks or is less than expected, I've always gotten immediate and satisfactory responses from the company itself. As for this melon baller, what can I say to review it? It works, it washes well in the dishwasher, and it does the job it is intended to do.", "I love this little utensil.  The handle is sturdy and the two sized scoops are very useful for different tasks.  I use it to drain or scoop out any small items, such as capers or olives.  I like the idea of using it for meatballs or even balling up the crumb for crumb cake.  It's a versatile tool not only to create melon balls.", 'Not that I can use it very well, but it makes balls out of melons. Sturdy, good grip, I actually use it for baking purposes more than making melon balls. Many uses for this fine tool.EDIT: It also cores apples!!! Just cut the apple in half and use the baller to scoop out the core.', "This wonderful OXO Good Grips Melon Baller is fantastic! Not only is it easy to use for cantaloupe & watermelon, it can also be used to make butter curls. I also use it to scoop the seeds out of fruit & veggies such as peppers. It's made of dishwasher safe stainless steel with a comfortable handle, so it's easy to hang on to and won't fly out of your hands if they're wet. I can definitely recommend this wonderful tool - if you're creative, the uses are endless!", "I love Good Grips products since they're well-made and built to last.  This melon baller has been working well for us so far, and I love how it has two sizes on it.In addition to using this for melons, I've also been using it to make protein balls.  It's the perfect size for them!", "My purpose in ordering it was to pit Cherry Tomatoes but, as has been mentioned by others, one keeps discovering uses for it that you hadn't thought off. The rim on both ends is sharp enough to easily cut through the flesh of both vegetables and fruit which is a plus. It has a firm grip, heavy enough to allow one to feel they're in control but not so heavy as to make it cumbersome to use. I'd order one even if on the moment I had no particular use for it. Eventually you will and you'll be glad you had it on hand.", "This is great for making melon balls or scooping out an apple core.  My mom destroyed or swiped my melon baller and left me with her old and rusty one.  I love it so much I had to buy another one.  I keep it at work to core apples.  I think I'll need to buy another for at home and maybe a 4th for a present for my mom :)", 'Great item.  Have always wanted a melon baller and have never had any issues with OXO Good Grip products.  Win-win.  Each scoop has a tiny hole for drainage and pop out purposes.  Bought in July and item has no rust spots - always a good thing.  Easy to clean and use.  I have started letting my 7 yr old daughter use it and she has zero problems with it.', "I've used it for cookies and I have used it to core apples to make apple tarts.  I've also used it for watermelon and honey dew.  I've used it to scoop ice cream.I even use it as a spoon.  possibilities are limitless.  I think i paid almost $10 for it which is alot for a metal spoon with plastic handle but so far, it's worth the every penny.", "That's not technically true, but I do like it.I read some other reviews about how the double sided thing digs into wrists or something?  I've never once had that problem.  Maybe if you are trying to ball set concrete or some other extremely hard substance that could be an issue, but since melon is generally the softest substance known to man I cannot imagine a situation in which you would need to exert enough pressure that even if you decided to hold the baller with the unused end pressed against your writs arteries that there would be discomfort.  Maybe I'm just good at holding things.Really, though, my wife uses it more than I do and she' never had a complaint.  It's a melon baller.  If you are unimpressed, maybe you should examine your melon balling expectations and see if you might be setting the bar a bit too high.", 'Works like a charm, and I love the easy grip- very comfortable to hold and use. My fruit salads look so fancy now. Gotta love it.', "It works; it's a nice size, and truly can be used in a variety of tasks.  This should definitely be something in your kitchen drawer.", "This tool will make you eat more melons!  Beware!  The handle's material provides the perfect grip during use because your hands will get unavoidably wet and slippery with melon juices.  Great product", "It scoops them out fine. I don't have a technique when doing it so the balls don't look like the way caterers get them to look. I have seen other people use melon ballers and this was my first time using one so not sure if all melon ballers are like this but I found the balls didn't slide out, I had to push them out with my finger. Again, I'm a newbie baller and not sure if that is standard for melon ballers. I subtracted a star because I had to push them out with my finger but I can add it back if that is standard when it comes to balling.", 'seem sturdy. i dont see myself having any reason to dock a star, a pretty simple tool built the way it should be.', "This thing is great! It's up for scraping the seeds out of a cuke, coring apples, and even (!) making pretty little melon balls. It's easy to clean, it's grippy, and it comes with two different sizes on the ends - just one scoop didn't cut it for OXO. They went above and beyond the call of duty. If only the people who set the price on this thing would do the same... Though it's somewhat pricey for the small gadget it is, I think it's worth the money just in the amount of time it saves me scooping the seeds out of the middle of apples. And plums and other small stone fruit as well.", 'My daughter loves to entertain and didnt have a mellon baller so I ordered this for her. Its sturdy and has both sizes.', "Great melon baller. I used it for watermelons for our bbq. Great handle and grip and it's dish wash safe.", "I have to agree with the reviewer that said it takes too long to peel a potato with this peeler. The cover over the blade is supposed to keep the peelings from flying up, and it does that. But instead, they get caught under the cover and slow down the works. It's broad and obscures your view of the blade.  I'm a fast peeler -- thanks to all of those potato peeling contests my mother used to have her children do -- and I did not like getting slowed down because I couldn't see exactly where the blade was going, or getting peelings caught under the blade cover.  In addition, the sharp end for gouging out potato eyes is kind of rounded. On my old peeler it's pointed, and works much better. I'll keep looking for the older style, so I can get my peeling done faster.", "I used this at a friends house and was very impressed with how easily it peeled.  I ordered one from Amazon when I got home, and when it arrived, I donated by other four peelers (I've tried quite a few!) to Purple Heart.  It has an ergonomically designed handle that swivels to the contours of the fruit/veg you're peeling, a nice sharp tip for digging out potato eyes, and a smooth action.", 'I have had several OXO peelers, and this is the best so far. It looks great, cuts great and is very easy to hold. It is very sharp out of the box, and after 6 months of use it is still going strong.', "I've reviewed all my SteeL products 5-stars. Well built, comfortable in the hand and does the job they were made for. This peeler is no exception.", 'These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. I have always dreaded using peelers, they always catch, get blocked by debris or just feel cheap and dangerous. At least until I used this one. We have a few different peelers for when working together in the kitchen, and we always "fight" over who gets to use this one. As for quality, it hasn\'t rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, comfortable and easy to grip. The blade cuts smoothly across the fruits and vegetables, flowing with the shape of whatever you\'re peeling.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won\'t disappoint!', 'I\'ve had this peeler for over a year now, and use it frequently.  Being from Maine, and living in a beautiful area of small farms, I always felt a bit guilty that I rarely made mashed potatoes, potato salad etc., as I HATED to peel potatoes, even local ones.This peeler changed that!  I find the large, yet comfortably curved handle is very comfortable to grip, much more so than Y shaped peelers or even Oxo\'s other "Good Grips" line.  The rubber grip on the sides makes it less likely to slide from your hand than plastic or solid metal handled peelers.The blade is VERY sharp.  Yes, this can be dangerous if you are not careful; however, I\'ve learned first hand a sharp blade is less dangerous than a dull blade (ouch).  And it is, after all, a kind of knife designed to cut the skins from vegetables.The blade swivels freely, closely following the shape of the vegetable, and the gap in the blade is wide enough that the skins don\'t get jammed in, requiring frequent removal.All in all I think this is a great peeler, and I include it with my standard wedding/housewarming gift of kitchen gadgets.  I highly recommend it.', "I have been buying OXO peelers for years. When they came out with a stainless top for the blade, I grabbed it and bought them for my kids. This one looked so sleek and attractive so I bought 3. Awful design, doesn't peel well, have to expend too much energy. The only thing i could say about it is that it looks nice.", 'I have found the lever-type ice cream scoops to be vastly superior to any other, even those with the sliding mechanisn, and OXO makes the best of the best with their stainless steel scoop.  This handy little gadget dishes out a perfect scoop of ice cream every time:  it easily slices through the hardest treats while scooping out softer treats without ever sticking.  A must-have for ice cream fans!', "Works well reasonable price....OXO SteeL Ice Cream Scoop...I have yet to buy anything from this brand that I  didn't like...These are very functional....and they are dishwasher safe....very happy!~", 'My father worked as a "soda jerk" when he was in high school and he taught me the trick of dipping the scooper in a glass of water so that the ice scoops fall out more easily.I find this one works well but after the first scoop, the other ones tend to stick and the the little push from the lever isn\'t enough to get the ice cream free.It\'s comfortable, easy to use, and makes nicely shaped scoops. If you were looking to buy it just because of the lever you might be able to get do with a glass of water when you scoop.', "The other reviewers weren't kidding.This is (what I see) a typical OXO kitchen tool. Heavy duty, good looking, and no groaning or bending when you attack really hard ice cream. Add to that a handle large enough to put some serious carving power behind, and it comes up a winner.", "I bought a bunch of individual Oxo SteeL utensils and love them all. They feel substantial in the hand and I think they'll last a good long time.", 'I purchased many OXO utensils for my elderly parents after reading reviews.  My mom had a stroke affecting her dominant side and my father has a tremor on his dominant side.  Both found the utensils easy and comfortable to hold.', "Very nice high quality scoop. Ice cream and frozen yogurt scoops easily and comes out of the scoop easily. Easy to clean too. I have only used it a few weeks, so I cannot rate on it's durability, but it looks sturdy pretty. I am very satisfied with this purchase", "These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This ice cream scoop can scoop through the hardest of ice creams and not even flinch. As for quality, it's made strong, hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and the scoop release works great. Not that it really needs it, but try heating it up just a little before or during use so the ice cream doesn't freeze to it if you really want perfect scoops.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!", 'Excellent buy will last awhile if your looking for a scoop that last awhile here it is NO DOUBT. So enjoy makes life easier on your wrist and arms.', 'Our last Ice Cream Scooper was from the $ store and it was adequate at best - hard ice cream would always bend the scooper out of place.  I wanted a more rugged scoop for those harder ice creams and this does the trick.  The lever in the scoop was an added bonus, and usually pops it out.', 'I really like this ice cream scoop.  It is very sturdy and well made and releases the ice cream with ease.', 'I own a number of OXO products, and most of them are fairly well-designed and functional, but the OXO SteeL ice cream scooper an exception, as it does a very poor job of dispensing ice cream.  The curved piece inside the scooper that is supposed to push the ice cream out, does work fairly well if the ice cream is frozen and really hard, but if it is soft and sticky, you might find yourself reaching for a spoon to scrape the ice cream out.Constructed mostly of stainless steel, this scooper is solidly put together, but it&#8217;s mostly for naught, as this is just a marginally useful utensil.  Given its performance, I don&#8217;t understand why it is rated so highly at Amazon, as it not a product I would recommend buying.', "The OXO brand is easy to trust with kitchen gadgets. The serrated edge of this pie server helps cut the crust if you don't get it with the knife on the first go-round.", 'I got this pie server for my grandma. We used it this past holiday season and it worked great. Its very sturdy and cleans easily.', 'This is crap.  I bought this because it looked sturdy and the OXO name.  It bent the first time I used it on a relatively light piece of pie.  It is just a flimsy piece of steel stuck in an OXO handle.', 'I\'ve always found the "Pie Server" utensil useless, especially if you don\'t have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils. You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner, a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use. You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it won\'t matter unless you\'re in a social setting where a "Pie Server" utensil is deemed absolutely necessary. And then, you\'ll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways. Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now, I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called "buttering". It isn\'t "heavy duty" but for touch up jobs, it\'s acceptable.', 'I\'ve always found the "Pie Server" utensil useless, especially if you don\'t have room for kitchen cabinets to store all the utensils.  You can get by just by using a fork and a regular butter knife or a turner, a flipper or spatula.That is what I tend to use.  You do have a higher Pie drop ratio with a fork and a butter knife or spatula but it won\'t matter unless you\'re in a social setting where a "Pie Server" utensil is deemed absolutely necessary.  And then, you\'ll probably be eating caviar with snob Pie anyways.  Sometimes I even use my dirty hand or just use a dirty spoon to eat Pie out of the tin.Now, I just use the Oxo SteeL Pie Server as a Masonry trowel for spreading mortar on bricks or concrete blocks with a technique called "buttering".  It isn\'t "heavy duty" but for touch up jobs, it\'s acceptable.', "I wasn't expecting this to be super sharp, but I love that it is. I look forward to using it to serve pies and other things. Great little tool!", 'Strong because it is steel.  Clean and durable.  Sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste.  Expect the steel pie server to last a lifetime.', 'This server is perfect for right & left handers. Has 2 sharp edges for ease in cutting cake, pie etc. Very sturdy.', 'The cutting edge is nice and sharp for a clearly defined pie slice. It also looks nice and works well.', "I have a drawer full of OXO kitchen tools so I definitely am impressed by OXO's product line. Good quality, comfort, effectiveness, and smart design are the hallmarks of OXO and this tool is no exception.Ideally this is the size of a perfect wedge of pie. It has a comfortable handle and is made of a sturdy grade of stainless steel. It is flexible enough to make a non-messy first cut and it can slide under to pick up the last piece of pie. It has a serrated edge that produces a nice cut and it washes up nicely by hand or dishwasher without staining.It also has a hole in the handle which is perfect for hanging on a rack.Overall, a great pie cutter which can handle a hefty wedge of pie.", 'Good value for the money. Does exactly what it is supposed to do. Serrated edge OK to cut most pies. Easy to clean.', 'You might think it strange that someone could get excited and stay excited over an item as mundane as a pie server.  Well, I have to admit that while not "jumping up and down" excited, I do happen to be moderately stimulated over this server, very fond of it, and do appreciate the fact that I own one.Now my wife and I do a lot of cooking; we each have our particular specialties. As it should happen, pies are hers and I never tread on her turf when it comes to preparing or baking one.  (This would include cobblers and the like also); but, that being said, I do serve them, both to family and guest.We do have quite a number of servers about our place; stuck in drawers and in our baking center.  I always seem to reach for this one first though.To begin with, I like the feel of the chunky handle.  I feel it gives me more control over what I am doing.  It is simply the most comfortable server we own.  I like the double serrated blades, which are actually quite handy, especially when you are dealing with large cobbler type dishes of serving consistency. (By that I mean that some of these dishes are much better served with a large spoon).  One of the best features of this kitchen tool though is the strength.  As advertised, it is flexible, but it must be noted that the blade is extremely strong...probably the strongest of all our servers, even the high-end ones.  To serve a pie correctly, you do not want something that bends around under slight pressure like a chunk of thin plastic....no, you need a blade with a bit of substance to it, a blade that means business.  This one delivers.  It is of stainless steel and cleans up very nicely in the dishwasher.  As I am the primary dishwasher in our family, this last fact is extremely important to me.  We have a number of old wooden handled servers, which I would not trade for anything, but they are a real pain to wash.This is a very attractive pie server.  It looks very sleek without looking snobby, but at the same time has a very "professional" look to it.  It looks and feels like a kitchen tool should...attractive, yet extremely utilitarian.I will not lie to you; I am a big fan of Oxo products.  I have very seldom ever been disappointed in any of them and as a matter of fact, they have usually been much, much better than the makers claim they are...a rare thing these days.  This server is not different.  It is an excellent product.Note:  The server we presently are using is our third.  The two previous ones (Sigh, they were like members of our family, I tell you.), both "disappeared" at church suppers.  Now I am not saying........Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks', "I made the second cut and the metal warped alarmingly. Guess I'll just have to use it for serving, not cutting.", 'I have a deep and abiding love for OXO Good Grips items.  This one is no exception.  It is high quality steel and the edges are serrated so you can cut your food before serving it.  The handle is grippy and ergonomic, which is perfect for someone like me with arthritis.  I will eventually have all their items!', "I thought the small serrated edge looked wimpy but it cut through a very dense crust with no problems. It's a sturdy piece.", "This is just a Pie Server, but it is what a Pie Server should be.It is not flimsy.It is not Plastic.It seems to be just the right size.I can't wait to actually use it on a homemade apple pie!", "Whenever I am in need of a kitchen utensil, I usually look at the OXO brand first. OXO's products are well designed and durable and have proven themselves to me over the years.When I noticed that the finish of my ancient, hand-me-down pie server was coming off, I found this OXO SteeL Pie Server. The serrated edges make cutting cakes and pies easy and it slides easily under the piece of dessert to pull it out for serving.On the downside, the very first time I used it I noted too much flexibility at the point where the handle meets the spade. I wondered how long it would last. Three years turns out to be the answer. I was mid-way cutting up a cheesecake for serving when it snapped.When I searched for a replacement, I found OXO now offers two models. Since I'd already tried this one, I chose the other one as it's replacement.Compared to this one, the two main differences are that the other modelOXO Good Grips Stainless Steel Pie Serverdoesn't have as flashy a handle (less embellishment) and the connection between the handle and spade does not feel as flexible. Plus, it's a dollar less. It feels like it will last longer than this one, so it's the one I recommend.", 'Love this pie server. So far so good. I gave it a five star because the price is just fair, the grip is good and does its job perfectly.', 'The sides are serrated to make cutting with this a possibility as well! It even come with a little safety cover to keep your fingers safe when reaching into the drawer for it.', 'The OXO STAINLESS STEEL PIE SERVER is absolutely the best pie server made.  Both sides of the triangular "blade" (from the tip to about two-thirds of the way up) are serrated.  This means the server will cut pie wedges, as well as pick them up for transfer to a dessert or dinner plate.Because of the sturdy stainless steel construction, the server will support the weight of a thick piece of pie (fruit pie, quiche, chicken pot pie, whatever) without bending.  Also, the server will stand up to being stored loose in a general kitchen-gadget drawer.  The handle is comfortable to grip, and the angle of the blade is just right.My first OXO steel pie server still looks new after 4-5 years of use.  I purchased another to have one available whenever the first one is in the dishwasher.  This pie server gets a lot of use in my household.', "As with all oxo products, this item is quality made, and attractive being part of their new steel line.  It is the perfect size for a slice of pie, and the rather sharp serrated edges on both sides make for easy digging into.  If you're a fan of oxo products, you'll love this one.  Now you can have your pie and eat it too!", "I got this for my mother in law and she loves it.  I have also used this whenever I visit and it's wide enough for a good sized slice-dieters beware! ;) The serrated edges help you get through thick crusts.  The rubber handle gives it a nice touch. I recently added it to my wishlist so I can get one too!", 'I know of no finer pie slicer.  It works and looks very good and I would heartily recommend it to all.', "Most oxo products are awesome; this one is no exception.  It cuts very well and looks nice, too.  Very high quality.  Comfortable to use.  I have oxo's good grips nylon pie server for my non-stick and cast-iron pans, but it's nice to have two to choose from depending on the job.  As great as the nylon one is, it's just not as strong and can't cut quite as clear of a line.  So I recommend both.", "Love this - just what I was looking for.  It cuts well (the edges are serrated), and it has the weight & rigidity you want when dishing out a slice of pie.  Very happy with it.November 2012 Update:  This server is still going strong, 5 years later (and many times through the dishwasher), and it was just top-rated AGAIN by the folks at Cook's Illustrated!  Can't go wrong with this server, and at such a good price, too.", "I have officially fallen in love with all things OxO!  This pie server has serated edges on the top two sides to help with cutting (you can't really identify this by the picture) and the grip is just like the lasagna turner grip, sturdy amd beefy and perfect for handling.  I'm very excited to try and use it soon!", "I have long been searching for a pie or cake cutter that wouldn't break the bank and this is absolutely the one! No more messing around with a knife and a spatula. This product is outstanding and I highly recommend it!!", "The item does what it's supposed to. It seems very well constructed and is a more sturdy piece than many others. Highly recommended!", "If I'm looking for a new little kitchen tool, I always turn to OXO.  They're affordable and high quality.  Sure, there are higher quality products out there, but again, I need affordable.  This little pie server is perfect.  It has nice sharp edges for cutting slices, the server is thin, sturdy and broad enough to pull out a chunk of pie, it washes easily, and the handle is sturdy.  Love it!", 'I really like this brand. The handle has a great weight and the spatula is a great size. Get it!', 'Oxo SteeL Pie ServerThis Oxo pie server is durable, strong, comfortable, easy to use, and dishwasher safe. I am happy to add this gadget to my ever-growing collection of Oxo items.', "We bought this because it was a best buy from America's Test Kitchen....or one of the Cooks recommendations.  It is pretty basic, but works well.", 'Find it difficult to remove a single piece of apple pie or pizza pie...use this pie server. Handle is very comfortable.Cleans easily.', 'Very functional.  The item is durable enough to use for all food serving purposes -- cakes, pies, even lasagna, etc.  However, the wedge itself is fairly sizeable so small(er) slices may be more difficult to dole out of cakes/pies/etc.', "I really like this pie server. It is the best one I own. The handle provides good grip and is comfortable to hold and doesn't slip when your hands are dirty. The serrated edge is so nice because you don't have to get out a separate knife for cutting. I use mine for breakfast casseroles too.", 'It is very sturdy and works quite well. I purchased a second one for my Mother in law who liked mine.', 'This spoon is very well made, easy and light to hold, but sturdy enough to do the job.  I use it every day for scooping up cooked vegetables from my wok.  - F. Parker', "Sturdy, nice feel to the handle.  Stays cool even when left in a boiling pot.  Doesn't flex when stirring hearty items.  Stylish look.  Comes out of the dishwasher nice and clean.  Intended to use it as a serving spoon, but use it for lots of purposes.Update May09Still love it.  I focus on value shopping - doesn't have to be cheap, but must deliver value that justifies the price.  This delivers.", "I've been rating all the SteeL utensils 5 stars as they work nice, feel substantial and comfortable and give me the impression they'll be around my kitchen for a long time. This spoon fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up.", 'I really love Oxo cooking products. This is a semi heavy spoon and the grip is very nice. highly recommend this product to anyone', 'Honestly what can I say.  Its a slotted spoon, it does what it was made to do, has a comfortable handle like most oxo products, and is just the right length for serving dishes.  No problems at all to report thus far, I am happily pleased with it.', "i have many utensils from this line, and just like the rest, this piece work beautifully. my only advise is don't wait for food to get stuck before washing, instead giving it a rinse as soon as your done with it, as food tends to stick really well to it, requiring a soak later. there is also a real nice looking stainless bucket for these to set on your counter top for around $20, and the bottom(oxo plastic) comes off for easy cleaning. i love my set!", 'Really nice for serving at the table. Works well. Great product from OXO, as usual.', "I like this brand. The handle is a good weight and it's sturdy. The only glitch is that the spoon is a little smaller than expected.", 'The slotted spoon, ladle and the serving spoons are all great.  I love all the OXO products I have purchased.', "When you're using something like this, what can you say?  It's a nice design?  Hey, it's a slotted spoon and designed to be a spoon with holes in it.  OK, it scoops food; so what?Well, this just has a darn good feel to it when I'm scooping food.  Best I've had.  It's as simple as that.  Ain't this all that counts?  Well, sure, it's durable.  You can see that.", 'I am very happy with this quality and construction of this product.  And I love that it is dishwasher safe.', 'I bought this masher to replace an old plastic one I had.  This one works better and is much easier to clean.  Good quality.', 'This masher is outstanding.  When I first saw this unique design I was doubtful that the masher would work.  But it does!  The masher is very sturdy; the handle comfortable to grip.  It is also easy to clean.  This tool will easily mash potatoes, other vegetables and fruits easily and quickly. An excellent tool for any kitchen.', 'My old potato masher finally gave up the ghost.  So I was looking to purchase a new one.  I looked around and the Oxo was a nice model at a good price, so I picked it up.My only complaint is the handle is a little short and not made of stainless steel.', "You can always rely on OXO to deliver a practical, long-lasting kitchen tool for a very reasonable price.  The OXO Steel Potato Masher is a attractive and quite sturdy.  I've only owned it for a few weeks, but I can tell it will last for years and years.  It's dishwasher safe and very comfortable to use thanks to the rubber molding on the sides of the handle.I actually bought it to mash things other than potatoes though.  I find a potato ricer (OXO makes an excellent one) is the better tool for mashed potatoes.  If you use this masher for potatoes, it will work well for chunky mashed potatoes; but if you try to keep mashing them down to a more creamy conistency, you will end up with very dense and gluey potatoes.  A potato ricer will leave you with the lightest and fluffiest mashed potatoes with no chunks.  Still, I'd recommend buying this or one day'll you end up trying to make applesauce with a bent spatula, like me.", 'How can you go wrong with a potatoe masher LOL..............it works great nice and sturdy very happy with my purchase', "This is great!  I haven't had a masher in years and this one is just perfect - the right size, not too big - works in a small or large bowl, is sturdy, comfortable to grip, and will easily mash your potatoes or squash or whatever you fancy in a few simple strokes. Fits in a regular kitchen drawer for storage.", "These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This masher works great without much effort, and the foods come out perfect. As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and having bad wrists, makes mashing more comfortable as a result.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!", "I have always had cheap potato mashers that either bent or broke.  But, like most things, you get what you pay for.  This is why I decided to go with this one.  It doesn't bend or flex when you are mashing, and I use it for potatoes as well as other things like bananas and beans.  I wash it in the dishwasher and have had no problems.  A little pricey, but you might as well get something quality that will last a long time.", "First of all I have to say that I was looking for another nonstick type masher to replace my old one that has a breach in the nonstick and is starting to rust there.  :(  Often I will boil the potatoes in a nonstick pan then, after draining, pour them back into the hot pan to mash them.  I looked at nonstick and nylon mashers and nothing struck me enough to make a purchase.So, I decided to go old school and look at all stainless steel mashers.  I figured I'd just bite the bullet and pour the potatoes into something else for mashing, or just boil them in a stainless steel pot.Being a fan of OXO already, I wanted to look at their offerings and ended up choosing this one.  As much as I know I probably have a 99% chance of getting something of superior quality from OXO I was still shocked at the heft of this masher.  It weighs 6.9oz / 197grams.The entire unit is so sturdy and feels perfect in the hand.  The stainless steel head is amazingly heavy duty.  It's more of a matte finish, unlike what you usually see in a stainless steel utensil so I actually had to look at the description again to make sure that it is indeed stainless steel.  I was comforted to know that because I don't like chrome or mystery metal.  I'll pay more to get a nice grade of stainless steel every time.I could not be more pleased.  You could bonk an intruder on the head with this thing and do enough damage to get yourself out of the house safely, methinks.  :)  As for mashing potatoes - it doesn't get better!", "I chose 5 stars because this product is very sturdy, great design. It mashed potatoes extremely well and it does the work not the person mashing. I would recommend this for anyone who doesn't have an electric beater or who sometimes wants the texture from the old fashioned way of mashing.", "This is my first masher and it didn't disappoint. This is a great potato masher that is easy to use, ergonomic, and best of all for me, easy to clean.  It rinses off easily with the kitchen sink sprayer and also cleans nicely in the dishwasher.  I have found that this masher is definitely worth the money!  It will last forever, it seems!  Happy mashing!", 'I just love this cheese slicer.  It produces very thin clean cut slices of cheese and is really easy to clean.  I do not put it in the dish washer.', "As a kid, I would eat bagles toasted with melted cheddar on top every morning.  I had a great cheese slicer with a thin, round, wooden handle and loved it.  Stocking my own kitchen, I wanted to get a cheese slicer that was as enjoyable to use.  Some slicers can be annoyingly dull, slice in a way that leaves cheese stuck to the slicer, slice unevenly, slice too thin/thick, or be uncomfortable to work with for long endeavors.  This slicer has none of these problems.The handle is designed well.  It feels very comfortable, sturdy and looks great!  I liked my old wooden handle slicer, but this dishwaser safe one is better.  I can make it through a pound of cheese very quickly, producing uniform slices.  Some people might like slices that are thin enough to be slighly translucent, but I prefer the slices you get with this.  of course, you can use it to peel things too.  It's sharp enough to hangle mangos, but will take off a thicker layer from apples/potatoes/etc. than a good peeler.The slicer's only con is a narrowish slicing blade.  The old slicer i had was almost wide enough for a land-o-lakes (pretty standard) size pound of cheese.  This slicer will have room to spare with the more square shaped pound of cracker barrel cheese, but not much.", 'This product really surprised me because I was a great fun of Oxo products. The Oxo Steel Cheese Plane is a terrible product. I purchased this one about three weeks ago. The first use of this product made it bent where the  handle meets the steel. The second use it completely snapped off in half!! I still like the most of the Oxo products however, I strongly suggest that you purchase different brand for your cheese slicing needs!', "OXO SteeL Cheese PlaneThe OXO SteeL cheese slicer has a nice stainless steel blade and an attractive brushed steel section running down the middle.  The rubber handle grips give it a nice feel in your hand, similar to the slicer from AnolonAnolon Cheese Slicer.  Both handles are made from a solid piece of stainless steel with a rubber grip around the handle for a more solid feel.I also own the Pedrini cheese slicerPedrini Black & Satin Stainless Steel Cheese Slicer.  That one has a handle that is made out of black plastic.  Unlike the OXO and Anolon slicers which are both $10, the Pedrini is $7, making it a nicer value.The actual head on this guy is not as wide as the Anolon or Pedrini slicers, but only by a little bit.  It's still big enough to almost cut from a standard cheddar block.  Still, I like to cut at an angle to get slivers of cheese instead, so this one is no problem for me.I don't know why these planes are so difficult to find in stores.  For some reason, they mostly sell those wire cheese slicers which just don't seem sturdy enough for thick cheese and are also harder to clean.This is a great slicer.  If you want a solid handle and don't mind a more narrow blade, this is the way to go.  If you don't mind the plastic handle and want to save a few bucks, give the Pedrini a look.Enjoy!", "This is a good purchase, if you just want a cheese slicer for every day use. It does a very quick and easy job of slicing all hard cheeses.  It also worked on soft cheese, a lot better than I thought it would.  It's not going to cut every slice in a uniform way, but if you are not catering a party, it is going to make you life easier.", 'After complete kitchen remodel in 2010, I looked far and wide for an under counter stainless steel electric can opener to match my appliances. I was stunned to find there were none on the market despite extensive research. (are the kitchen products design people paying attention to trends or what?) I was forced to reassess, and realized I open maybe 2 cans of olives per month - everything else has pop tops these days! Thus, the search for an efficient hand held opener began and the positive reviews led me to this product. The product is smooth and efficient. My only gripe is the girth of the turn-handle, which makes it a challenge to fit inside my silverware drawer on the first couple tries, but it can be done!', 'After struggling with my old Zyliss (emphasis on the Old), this OXO works effortlessly.  Now I actually enjoy opening cans.', "After sucking it up and paying more than $3 for a can opener, I can honestly say I'm glad I did. Have been using it for daily for a year and it works so well. If it ever breaks, I am buying a copy.", 'All OXO kitchen tools are great.  This is another one.  Solid build.  Opens cans easily.', "An excellent product. The fact that this is a quality product will be obvious as soon as you take it out the packaging. By just picking it up you get the impression of heavy duty quality. I'm sure I'll get years of use from this opener. It opens fully making cleaning very easy. Because of it's size you get a good mechanical advantage on first penetrating lids; and the oversize knob makes operating the cutter very easy. You don't have to have arthritis to appreciate the ease of use provided. Cuts through lids like a hot knife through butter.Highly recommended!", 'AWESOME can opener - heavy duty and high quality.  I like products like this one because they will last probably forever!', "Comfortable even for arthritic hands and well built.It works so easily that often it doesn't even feel as if it were working, but italways does. This might actually be a problem if you are getting along in yearsso just be certain it is really gripping the can before you move a can from, say, counter to the sink as I often do to drain extra liquid.", "Does it's job effortlesly. Would have gotten 5 stars but the handles are somewhat flimsy and for the price they should have been more rigid, I think.It is good enough that I put my electric opener away however.", "Easy to use, sturdy grips.  I bought this about 3 years ago and it has performed very well, opens the can with minimal effort.  No rust has appeared which had been a problem with my previous can opener.  I'd buy this one again.", 'Excellent addition to my kitchen!  I needed to replace the cheap can openers that I purchased after my Pampered Chef one broke.  I love this can opener!  The handles are large and provided a great gripping surface, the turn handle is large which makes it easy for anyone who may have problems with their hands or wrist (I have carpool tunnel in mine), and it opens cans in a flash.  The only downside is that it can not be washed in the dishwasher - other than that - fantastic!', 'Fast, easy to turn, the cutting action is smooth and have not had any problems with different size cans etc.  Love the handles as they feel ergonomically comfortable in your hands.  Have read other reviews on this and I have not nor plan to put these in the dishwasher.', 'For a hand can opener, this is easily the best that I have ever operated.  There are no worries about electricity with a hand opener and this one works like a dream and, hopefully, will be the last one that I buy.l', "Got tired of an electric can opener that was a pain to keep clean & took up counter space.  Bought other battery & hand openers that we ended up throwing away.  This opener is almost easier than an electric.  It doesn't get the very last piece of the lid, but just twisting it gets it off.", 'Great product! Easy to use, have only used it a few times but seems very sturdy, is very easy to turn.', "Great quality - the handles are comfortable and do not hurt your hands when opening.  Heavier quality makes it durable and lasting.  I'd always recommend this one..", 'Had some concerns when researching this, as looked like may be &#34;cheap&#34; feeling--is not.  Very hefty and solid, opener works flawlessly, and is comfortable in hnad.', "Hands down, this is the best can opener I've used in my entire life. The large handle makes opening any can so easy. The quality is top-notch ... I think this will last many, many years. I used to buy cheap $1 can openers at the dollar store. After I broke the 10th one I realized the stupidity of those cheap products. The Oxo can opener is a superior product that will outlive cheap can openers by 20 times the product life. Buy it!", 'Have had a fees different can openers over the years, see this one and decided to try it, had it for several months now and am very happy with it, easy to turn and opens the cans well!!', "I almost didn't get this because I thought it was a tad spendy for a can opener, but I'm so glad I decided to just get it.  We have been using the same rusted out-hard to open up can opener forever.  Always saying we need a new can opener but never getting one.  The first time using this we said to ourselves how dumb we were to wait so long to get a new one.  This one works fantastically.  So smooth and quick and effortless to open a can.  It's the perfect weight and looks sharp too. This is definitely one of those you get what you pay for lesson learned situations.", "I am 71 and have carpal tunnel and cubital tunnel syndromes of the right hand/arm.  This can opener is a joy to use and requires not much strength to open a can.  Didn't want an electric can opener sitting out all the time and they wind up not working after a while anyway. The manual cheapies are hard to work and I've gone through about 5.  So stupid since I would have saved money just paying up front for a good one.  Can't tell you how pleased I am with this OXO can opener.  It's worth the money.", 'I am so impressed with the way this can opener opens cans!...Wish I had ordered this long ago cause this baby is wonderdful..I have arthritis in my hands and wrists and this can opener is a dream come true!..Thank you &#34;OXO&#34;. I recommend this item!', 'I bought both the black and the brown Woven Chenille Small Cross Body Bags for when I don\'t need to carry much more than keys, some ID, some money and a few tissues.  I love cross-body bags because I now use a cane and sometimes have my little dog on a leash and need at least one hand free.  The size accommodates the above items.  The woven "strap" is adequate, and seems securely attached.  They suit me just fine, and I am very happy with them.', "I bought his because we needed a new can opener, it's a great opener because it feels very comfortable with the bigger part that you turn to open the cans.I recommend this product, especially if you have weak hands like my mother does but don't want to use a electric can opener.", 'I bought this to replace a new electric hand held opener that had been stashed away for years (it operated so slow I figured a manual one would be faster). The OXO opener is absolutely so easy for my arthritic hands to use.  A little pricey compared to the model under it but I keep mine on the counter top so this one really looks nice.  VERY satisfied.', 'I bought this to replace the can opener that I have had for around seven years maybe?  It had finally gotten to where it would not grab at all no matter how you held it.  It had seen extensive use though.Looked at most things available and settled on the OXO mainly because of customer reviews and the fact that I own several other OXO products and they have yet to be disappointed.  I look forward to years of use out of this set and plus it looks cool too.', 'I broke several cheaper openers, but this one feels solid and I have no problem opening the cans. Hopefully it will last', "I don't have to struggle with THIS can opener. It is well worth the price; it cuts through cans like a HOT knife through butter. And it opens flat so you can get to the moving parts for a thorough cleaning. What more can I say?", "I don't know if my old can opener was a complete POS, but this opener is so much nicer.  Easy to turn handle and great price.  I would recommend this product.", "I don't know what took me so long to replace my crappy old can opener!!!  This one is beautiful, well made and works like a dream.  Excellent product... you won't be sorry.", "If you are like me, you have likely tried several can openers and most of them have likely been of the electric variety.  Stop searching right now and pick up this Oxo Steel Can Opener.  With this can opener you will not be taking up space on the counter and you will not need multiple attempts to open up a can.  This opener gets it right almost every time and on the first try.  It does not take much strength and it is simple for just about anyone to turn the handle.The grips are sturdy and there is no slippage when opening cans.  It gives a smooth edge/cut.  I know it's difficult to rave about something so simple, but sometimes it's the simple things that matter.  My only complaint would be a simple one: it takes up a bit too much space in the utensil drawer.  But I'm more than willing to live with that if I can have a simple product that works.  Oxo got it right with this tool.", 'If you are looking for a really nice can opener this is the one you need to order..I have used many over the years, but this one is so superior to any I have used.Due to arthritis in my hands I find it difficult to use many items like a can opener.This one is so easy to turn and use. Wish I had this years ago and did not wasteMoney and time searching for another. You will not be sorry.', 'If you are tired of electric openers that don\'t, and flimsy hand units that strip out their gears after only a few cans o\' tuna, you need this product.  It is a finely crafted, well balanced solid unit.  It makes me think of teutonic surgical instruments, or picking up a 7-10 split.  Cans quake in fear at its mere appearance.  It slices through can tops like some metallic surfer carving the galaxy.  It is truly a samurai katana of a can opener.  Don\'t balk, just buy it, you\'ll find yourself grinning like a winner every time you reach for it.  I built a special velvet-lined walnut case for mine, with a digital music chip that plays "Running With The Devil" by Van Halen every time I open it.', 'I got this and my first impression was how sturdy it felt. It has a nice hefty feel to. When I started using I was not disappointed in the least. The mechanisms that cut the can are nice and snug to the can making it a breeze to open. Electric openers might be easier to use but when you consider space requirements this is the way to go.', "I had almost given up on finding a good manual can opener. I have always used an electric can opener but occasionally needed a manual one for those over-sized cans. I bought several supermarket versions and they were not much cheaper than what I paid for this OXO, however they were useless. The last one I bought looks like it is really good quality but it simply doesn't work. I needed to free up counter space so I put the electric one away and started using the manual I had bought. Nine out of ten times I had to pull out the electric because the manual didn't work. There is no brand name stamped anywhere on it and I couldn't remember the brand. I wanted to complain to the manufacturer, it was that bad. I wondered if I was just inept and couldn't work a simple manual can opener! The one I had bought prior to this bad one stopped working at all after the second use. I remember the really cheap metal manual I had in my camping gear working better than the last two I bought at the supermarket. So after reading the reviews on this OXO I decided to give it a try. I can't believe how beautifully it has worked for me. Using it was effortless. It has worked perfectly every time. I am very happy with this OXO and may never need my electric can opener again.", 'I had read reviews of this device previous to ordering.Many said that they were satisfied and happy with it.Well, they were NOT wrong.I opened the package and removed it from the display card and immediately opened my first can --- it was easy and comfortable.I recommend this for all those people who do not use an electric opener, and for those who do use an electric, but want the experience of opening a can manually...', "I have been buying crappy can openers about once per year from the big box store for years...when the last one broke I bought this one & I wish I would have saved myself the time & just bought this nice one from the beginning!  It's super sturdy & seems like it will last forever.  I also love that it doesn't tear the paper from the can, like my last cheap one did.", 'I have had this now for what, almost 3 years.I have not come across anything I have not been able to open.A good and strong structure with quality materials.This is a great company with many products made in Germany.I happen to own two of this companies products and they are both very high quality with a long life ahead of them.', 'I have owned many can openers and this one is by far the beat. It opens the can smoothly, no missed edges and the lid never falls into the product. Very good investment.', "I have purchased this can opener a month ago and I really like it.  I have not had any problems with it so far. It is very easy to use and does not 'slip' off the can like a lot of other can openers do. When I make soup, I open a lot of cans. My husband has commented that is makes opening cans very easy.  It is very easy to clean also.  (I use a dish pan.) I'll try it out for a few more months and if it works as good as it does now, I'll be ordering more for gifts.", "I have tried every possible kind of can opener and they all, for better or worse, can't compete with this one.  The handles are comfortable to grip (as with many OXO products), the opener sticks to the can while turning, and the blade makes a clean cut all the way around.  Even the turner is large and comfortable so it does not dig into your hand while opening the can.  So effective and comfortable, even my young kids can use it.  Also, it can be washed int he dishwasher!  No more grimy grubby openers which can never get properly cleaned by handwashing.  A must-have int he kitchen.", "I highly recommend this can opener. I've owned it for 4 months. It operates smoothly and easily. No straining.  I don't like electric can openers because they get nasty fast, very unsanitary.  I prefer to toss this one into the dishwasher. I'm assured a clean and sanitary opener every time. I actually came here to buy a couple more.", 'I hope my words of praise come off as easily as lids come of cans using the OXO Steel Can Opener ;-) Can you spell smoooooooooooooooooooooooooooth? Its such a joy to use a product that functions so well after years of struggling with makeshift, messy, inferior quality, knuckle-dragging, clumsy alternatives! OXO IS everything it says. Products that work this well are a pleasure to preserve through hand-washing vs. putting in the dishwasher.I intend to give it as gifts.', 'I just got this can opener and it works so well!  I hardly buy anything in a can, just tuna fish for my cat.  So I just need something handy about once a week.  The last one I had just got so dull, this one is fantastic.  so easy!!!', 'I looked into getting an electric opener but am happy with this simpleand extremely easy to use opener.  A must for any kitchen.', "I love this can opener. My old opener was an ancient Swing Away, the only kind I've ever bought for the past 30 years.  Decided it was time for a change and ordered this opener because I've never been disappointed with an Oxo product.  I should have switched years ago.  I couldn't believe how easy it opened cans, even ones that were dented on the top.  I have frozen shoulder and mild arthritis in my hands.  I can open cans pain free. I highly recommend this opener.", "I'm so happy when we dumped our klunky, loud, unsanitary and ineffective countertop can opener! Not all appliances are better than the old fashion manual gadgets. The OXO easily opens cans of all sizes in a flash. No more fighting with an electric opener that can't seem to grip the edge of the can! This opener is so easy, fast & quiet to use and it isn't an eyesore in my kitchen. To keep it clean, we just toss it in the dish washer. After 3 years, I still love it!", 'I needed something that worked! It not only worked but gone are the days of struggling just to open a can. Easy on the hands no more pain. OXO makes great products.', 'In my quest to downsize and take myself off the electronic grid as much as possible, this can opener is AWESOME.  No effort required and opens the cans cleanly.  Definite recommend.', "I originally purchased an oxo 20362 which, being plastic, was too flimsy.This OXO is definitely the best can opener I've had and should last a very long time.Very comfortable.  Very durable.  Very stylish.  Does the job.", "I purchased a new can opener on a whim a few years ago at a local grocery store, and it worked well for the most part; however, I put it in the dishwasher a few too many times and it was shot. I searched online for a can opener that would last me longer, having learned my lesson and knowing to only hand wash moving forward, and I stumbled upon this one. I have to say, I'm impressed. I've only just begun to use it, but it's the nicest one i've ever used. The ease of use is impressive, and it's very comfortable in my small hands too! All in all, i'm a fan. I will have to see how well it stands the test of time, but for now, i'm happy.", "I purchased this can opener as our old one started lose grip on the cans while opening.  I checked out Amazon website to see what's available and came across this one.Very pleased with the purchase.  Light weight, works very well and quite affordable for its performance.As others mentioned, it sure beats electric can openers, which are hard to clean and often starts to malperform after a year or two.", "I ran across this opener at a friend's house and couldn't believe how easy it made can opening.  I've had many different can openers over the last 35 years (electric, battery, & manual) and this one is the absolute best I've ever used compared to them all.  It turns can opening into child's play.  Everything is relative, but I actually enjoy using it.  :-)", "It always seemed like I needed a new can opener every year.  They would get nasty, dull, harder to use, the crank would break, etc.  Not so with the OXO.  Originally purchased 4yrs ago, and it still looks and works the same as it always did.  A very good investment, having easily outlasted every other one I've bought and will continue to do so for a good long time to come.", 'It gets the job done quicker than a standard can opener.  The large handles and turn piece are big enough to not have to strain your hand muscles!', 'It is amazing how many horrible can openers there are.  We wanted a good one and bought this based on prior reviews.  This review will serve to echo the many that came before it...this is a good one!', 'It is easier for us to open cans. Both of us have arthritis in our hands.  No problems with the quality after 6 weeks.', "It opens cans easily, the handles are comfortable, it's dishwasher safe, and it doesn't require any electricity to operate. Hard not to like at  this reasonable price!", "It's a can opener... How difficult is this... I really like the feel of the knob it seems cushioned and fits a mans hand.", "Its huge handle makes it easy to turn, the edges don't hurt your hands when you are opening it.  Real nice can opener.", 'I\'ve always been a Swing-A-Way guy myself, but when my mom asked for a "good can opener" I did a bit of investigating and this one seemed to get the highest marks all around.She found it perfect from the first can. Apparently, all the excitement generated over this unit in the can opener category is earned.A great purchase, and I\'ll be sure to get another for her summer home and for myself.', "I've had this opener for 3 months and I'm very happy with it. It is very easy to operate and the handle is broad; easy to hold onto. It does leave a small piece at the end uncut but I perfer that to the top falling into the can and it snaps off easily.", "I've had this opener for a couple I years now and it is amazingly easy. I bought one for my 80+ year old family members and they use it with ease! It's a high quality product that will last!", "I've used many can openers. OXO's SteeL is the best manual I've ever worked with. It locks onto lids without hassle and smoothly opens them with a minimum of effort. The rounder, ergonomic turning knob sets it apart from your standard fare of openers and it just seems much easier to turn. I've yet to find a can that it can't handle. It even goes through large 5 lb tomato cans from the value clubs with no fuss.Hand washing clean-up is as easy as it gets, and I prefer it to any electric that I've tried. The stainless steel finish is still holding up beautifully after over a year of nearly daily use. Our electric can opener resides in storage now. This is a good one folks!~ Kort", 'I waited how many years to buy another can opener and now wished I had done it sooner! Effortless!', 'I was hoping to wear these for a wedding...they look great from far away but you can tell they are cheap if you have a good look.', 'I went from an electric to this product and I have no regrets. It fits great in the utensil drawer and looks great with everything else that is stainless steel in my kitchen. Also a very good price.', "I would never guess that a hand can opener is easier to use over an electric.  Once you use this, you will NEVER want to use anything else.  I find myself buying canned stuff over fresh stuff just to use this....ok not really but it's that dang good!", "LITTLE PRICY BUT THE BEST OPENER I HAVE USED IN YEARS. EASY OPENING WITHOUT MUCH STRENGTH AND THAT'S WHAT I SO NEEDED.", 'Love it!  As someone stated in their review, it is the &#34;Cadillac of Can-Openers&#34;!.  Very easy to use. Love it and would recommend it, especially someone who may have joint pain.', 'Makes opening cans so easy.....the handle is very comfortable and the can opener just snaps right onto the cans....I like this way better than an electric can opener!', "no fuss, easy to use, easy to clean, won't jam up on younot complicated like the other can openers that cost more than their worth", 'No need for an electric if you have one of these.  Heavy duty, high quality, very easy to use, even if you have arthritic problems.', 'Opens my cans like slicing through butter.  OXO makes fantastic products for all kitchen needs. Would buy again for myself or others.', 'Outstanding manual can operner!  Works effortlessly for right and left handed person.  Very clean cut and is worth the little more money as it will be the last can opener I purchase!', 'Over the past year I have bought several manual can openers from a variety of places including Walmart and Target.  They all either never really worked or broke after only a week or two.  Not this can opener.  I have had this for several months and it is very study and cuts right through those darn cans.I am definitely going to order another one.  Now with this great product and my canned food, bring on the apocalypse.', 'OXO has so many great products and this is one of them.  Easy to use, quick and efficient.  Getting another one for backup!', "Oxo Steel Can OpenerThis is another kitchen essential and Oxo has made one that is very ergonomic, as it fits your hand very well. Stainless steel blades make it durable, and the large, soft turning knob is easy to manage. This can opener also features a built-in bottle cap opener, which is handy when you use sauces that have the older sealing cap on the bottle. What I was most impressed with is the large, smooth, plastic twist handle that fits nicely in the palm, this can opener operates with a minimum of effort. I always seem to have hands that are wet or damp making the flexible rubber fins aid in gripping of the handle while absorbing the tension necessary to keep the opener in place, while sharp, stainless-steel teeth bite into lids as a hot knife would make quick work of a stick of butter.Some of the features are:* Brushed stainless-steel handle has flexible rubber fins for comfort* Sharp stainless-steel teeth open cans easily* Large knob is easy to twist* Built-in bottle cap opener* Hand-washing is recommendedSturdy construction and a large twisting knob make this one of the best can openers on the market. I would recommend hand-washing, but this can opener has been in the dishwasher many times, to get any left over liquids or food particles off of the stainless steel.  For this purpose I use a toothbrush with a spot of Dawn dish-soap, rinse and pat dry, to get anything that would get sticky off of the opener.  When this opener is clean it works as brand new. Most manual can openers that I've used in the past have had a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can, but this can opener tracks very well. It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it's large mechanical advantage and handle construction. I am very pleased with this can opener. This product is manufactured in China according to the specifications of the US patent.An epicurean Bon Appetite", 'Purchased this to replace an old can opener.  This thing rocks.  Opens cans quickly and easily.  Does what it is designed to do, and the OXO brand is a lot cheaper than some of the "premium" brands.  Don\'t know if you have to pay a lot for a can opener.  A tip might be to clean the blade after you use it, which may help it from gunking up over time. Would purchase again.', "Remember, in a power outage, the manual can opener still works, heh.  And they are quieter.  This one is so much better than the cheap types I've subjected myself to in the past.  This one opens cans when I squeeze and turn the finger-friendly handle - that's all I wanted, and that's what I got.  Stainless and easy to clean. It looks nice enough to hang up. Very satisfied.", 'several uses and no problems at all, no rust.... the big soft handle makes opening cans a breeze. would highly recommend.', "Smooth function, little rust in the 2 years we've had it. Still looks nice. does the job well. OK then", "So far so good.  The blade cuts into the can nicely, and the large handle makes it very easy to turn.  It did leave the last little bit keeping the lid attached to can (broke by pressing down).I'll report back about the durability after a year or so.", 'Sturdy, well made. Easy to use (Ihave carpal tunnel syndrome, so I need kitchen gadgets that are easy to use.)', "Sure it's expencive but you do get what you pay for. This can opener works very smoothly, makes a nice clean cut and is comfortable in your hand. My kitchen is loaded with Oxo products and like the other Oxo kitchen tools and devices this can opener is well designed, good quality and should last for many years. I use it almost everyday and it still puts a smile on my face, I can't believe I waited so long to get a can opener that actually works.", "THE KNOB ON THIS THING IS WONDERFUL!  IT CUTS REALLY WELL & IT'S A VERY STURDY OPENER AS WELL.  IT SURE SEEMS LIKE IT'LL LAST A LONG TIME.  LOVE IT!", "These OXO kitchen tools have proven to be amazing! I have yet to find anything that compares. This can opener is so smooth to operate and just won't fail. As for quality, it hasn't rusted or shown any defects in almost two years of use. This includes throwing it in the dishwasher! The handle is large, easy to grip and turns without effort.I was so impressed, I have a cart full of their products ready to buy when I move into my new house. Not only has this piece performed flawlessly, but the entire set I received has too. I can only imagine how well the rest of their products will serve me.Whether for yourself or a gift (or both), OXO won't disappoint!", "This can opener consistently and easily does the job.  The large handle is soft and gives great leverage, and it holds tight while cutting through the lid.A can opener is a basic kitchen tool, it's amazing how many I've used that fail at their only intended task.This one has been going strong since 2011 and works as well as the day I got it.  Highly recommended.", "This can opener has been with us for about two years now and I can't say I have any complaints about it. The handles with rubber grips are substantial and sturdy. The can opening device (teeth?) has (have) not bent or given way to any cans. And, the knob has been made of durable plastic, so it hasn't chipped or flaked. We typically don't put this in the dishwasher, and I wouldn't really see the need to--hot soapy water works just fine. Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to replace their can opener.", 'This can opener is my go-to even though I own an electric can opener.  Never-fail, smooth operation; it is a heavy, quality piece.  I bought it in case our power went out, but use it all the time!', "This can opener is THE smoothest manual can opener I have ever used.  It doesn't take up space on my counter top, it's easy to clean, and it's silent.  Yes, you still have to turn the handle or whatever, but it is nearly effortless, and I'm a tiny female with tiny hands. Proportionate tiny hands. Why waste electricity? I never thought I'd say this, but I won't be using electric any more.", 'This can opener is very good.  It is smooth and little effort is required to open cans (even thick cans!)', 'This can opener works the regular way and cuts inside the lip of a can or cuts under the lip.  What ever way you like---it does the job and goes in the dishwasher!', 'This is a great manual can opener. Very effortless. First crack of the can is its best feature as it does it so easily. The wide black rubbery turner is comfortable and does a clean fast job of removing the can lid.', "This is an absolutely superb can opener. It's so easy to use a four-year old child could  operate it and makes opening cans about as much work as eating a bowl of ice cream. We had another OXO can opener previously, but this one is by far the downright best can opener we've ever owned. I would highly recommend it if you want to make opening cans as easy as taking a breath of air.", "This is an excellent product. It's very easy to use, especially useful for older people who may have arthritis or people with weaker fingers.", 'This is by far the easiest to use and clean and operate can opener I have ever used. It opens wide for cleaning,takes minimal effort to use and works flawlessly. I know it is expensive but it sure saves your arms, hands, shoulders and mind!! compared to others out there. You do not have to struggle like some others to get them to work, if at all. Very efficient and enjoyable to use and easy to clean. Looks nice and is relatively lightweight.', "This is one of the better can openers out there.  I like the fact that I can just pop it into the dishwasher when it gets food on it.  I've cleaned it in the dishwasher multiple times and so far there's no rusting.", "This is the Bentley of all can openers, look no further! Easier than an electric. I've waited over two years to write this review and it's working as well as day one. Get it.", 'This is the best can opener I have ever used.  Works well on both small and very large cans.  Handle turns easily.  I like the stainless steel cutter.', "This is the best, easiest and fastest can opener I have used.I will never buy another kind again. I imagine it is something to do with the shape of the dial and the sharpness of the blade. I don't know and I don't care. All I know is that I love this can opener.", "This is the BEST manual can opener I've ever used!  Pierces cans so easily I had to make sure it really did!  Great on those small and rectangular (sardine, oyster, anchovie etc.) cans too. The the large handles make it easy to use and easy on your hands and fingers.  Built solidly and it looks like it should last forever.  Cleaned up great in the dishwasher.", 'This is the easiest to operate can opener I have ever used. "Swingaway" was my previous favorite for years-they lasted a long time but this "Oxo" is much easier to turn on a can- love the larger handle!', 'This opener cuts very clean.  It is unusually easy to turn.  We wish we had replaced our other opener with this one a long time ago.', 'This Oxo 58081 Steel Can Opener is terrific.  For just a few dollars more than your standard "drug store" plastic and metal hand can opener, you get one made of quality stainless steel with the most comfortable grip and turning knob ever.  It works like a charm and is really easy to hold; it is especially helpful for those of us with slightly arthritic hands.  Another real plus is that it washes beautifully (by hand) and won\'t rust.  I highly recommend this brand and model of hand can opener.  This item was received in timely fashion and in perfect condition.', 'This replaced the can opener I\'ve had for about 10 years.  You know the kind--on some cans, it doesn\'t work well and you have to keep starting new "cuts" and struggle to get it open.Since getting the Oxo SteeL a few months ago, cooking has become much more fun, since my days of fighting with cans are a thing of the past.  This opener glides through any can like a hot knife through butter.  I was amazed at first, then angry with myself for holding onto my old opener for so long.This is absolutely worth every penny.  I\'ve got to warn you, though: you might find yourself making excuses to open can after can just for the fun of it.  Yes, it makes that much of a difference.', 'This Steel Can opener  is very easy to operate, cuts lids easily and efficiently. I highly recommend this  great product from OXO.', "This thing is solid, well constructed with no looseness and makes opening a can an almost enjoyable experience.  I've had a lot of can openers that start getting to be more of a battle with continued use.  One of them, with a very recognizable brand name, started jumping off the track a few times around the top of the can and it became very hard to turn the knob.  The OXO feels fabulous, smooth, very easy to turn, it's just a great can opener!  Bring on the cans!!!!!  Highly recommended and worth the extra money.  The Mercedes-Benz of can openers!!  I also bought one as a gift.  I like to make homemade chili and with the tomato sauces, canned tomatoes, three kinds of canned beans, canned paste, it was becoming a real chore opening all of those cans....now....it's a breeze.  Get this!  It's the best.", 'Title says it all. Fantastic can opener. Seemed silly at first spending nearly $20 on something as simple as a can opener, but I really am quite happy with it. Very little effort needed when opening anything. Definitely recommend.', "Was so tired of hand can openers that  break after a short period of time. This product is made sturdy enough to last. Works great on those large cans that the electric opener just can't quite handle.", 'We finally replaced ours after 10 or so years. This is wonderful, sharp, easy to handle, and a good buy.', "We had a run of really bad can openers, and I was just about to give up and get a big electric one that I really didn't want. But then I found this one, and it's perfect. It does what you need it to. Easy grip handle. Very smooth. We've been using it for about 6 mo. now.", "We have gone through many can openers through the years and this one is the easiest and smoothest to operate, by far! It is sturdier and more comfortable on the hands than any we have used and it appears to be very well made. We're pretty sure this is the best one out there and would highly recommend it.", "Well, it's a can opener.  It does its job well.  The legs and handle are comfortable to grip and easily manipulated.  The blade comes very sharp.  The gears are smooth.  The opener latches on well and turns with gentle pressure, smoothly and quickly.  While the opener is bulkier than traditional openers, it is light!  This is a high quality kitchen tool.  Well-made and worth the money.", 'We love this can opener. We have been married 32 years and this by far is the best can opener we have ever owned!', 'we strongly suspect.  Handle is easy to turn, cut is even on the lid and on the rim of the can.', "What can I say.  It's so nice to own items that work smoothly and well.", 'What can you say, it opens my cans effortlessly. It has a nice large handle that is easy to use. My wife is taking chemo therapy and she has some necropathy in her finger tips and she can use this opener easily.', 'When it came time to buy, it was a choice between this one or an electric one. I chose this one simply because in thinking this would be easier to keep clean than a electric can opener. Plus really,,,, how often do ya open cans ??? For me, not much. So buying a manual can opener made more since. Anyways,,,,,, effortless to use and being solidly built makes it a good buy.... :)', "WHEN I WAS LOOKING FOR A MANUAL CAN OPENER, THIS ONE SEEMED LIKE WHAT I WANTED...MY HANDS ARE SEVERELY DISABLED WITH ARTHRITIS...THE SELLER ALLOWS A POTENTIAL BUYER TO RECEIVE INDIVIDUAL REVIEWS, AND I HAD SEVERAL PEOPLE EMAIL ME, THAT THIS WAS THE CAN OPENER FOR ME.......AND IT WAS...I LOVE IT FOR IT'S EASE OF USE, AND GOOD JOB CUTTING THE METAL OF CANS I OPEN.  ..HIGHLY RECOMMEND ITEM, AND THE SELLER.", 'wife and I love this can opener. it really does work super good, shipping fast. seems durable. highly recommend. Better than an electric can opener.', 'Work great, no issues.  Easy to clean, solidly made... nothing else to say, it does what it is suppose to without complaint.', "Yes, I was suprised by how easy this can opener worked.  Having been the sole can opener in my household, I was used to our previous opener which died on us.  The first time I used this OXO opener, I was immediately impressed with how easy it was to squeeze the handles and even easier to twist the lever.I wanted to open more cans as this little jem is a real pleasure to use.I've had it about a month so far and it is still working just as great as the day I received it.", "You pay a little more but you get an opener that will last you many rust free years. I haven't had too much luck with carbon steel openers (quick to rust).", 'I got this for a friend and she is happy with this product so I am also, good quality and price', 'It is a good can opener and easy to use. I would give it a 5 star but it rusts so 3 star.', 'This manual can opener works like a charm.  I have had it for about a month, so I can\'t comment on its longevity (but there are reviews on amazon from several years ago, so that\'s a good sign).  I didn\'t want to deal with an electric or a rechargeable, since they are more likely to fail.It is easy to grip.  It sets on the lid of the can easily.  And turning the knob to open the can is effortless.  It has some weight to it, which makes it feel well made and solid.  I\'m hoping that it will last a long time.I have had the following can openers recently:-------------------------------------------------------------------------Black & Decker KEC600 Cordless Can Opener* It failed after 2 years due to rechargeable battery going dead.Good Cook Orbi SafeCut Can Opener* It failed after 2 years; the teeth no longer gripped the can.Amco Swing-A-Way* Had 2 of these; old ones.  The teeth no longer gripped the can.I bought the "Oxo SteeL Can Opener" because of all the good reviews on amazon.  So far, I am very pleased with my purchase. Amazon was the seller."Seek ye the LORD while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:" (Isaiah 55:6)', 'Yes, it is a can opener. Yes, it opens cans.... But the item description says that it is dishwasher safe. The first thing I noticed when I recieved it was that it says "Hand wash only". I might return it, but I need a can opener.', "well i like my women with meat on, not too much, not too little. this thing is just a tad on the skinny model side of life. so i am not too sure of it's life-span. from the heft and feel. maybe a few years. my old one was ok, but while on the downhill side of life, a big handle is of value (torque is good), so tis is a replacement. the old one is still alive and sharp and does a bang up job, save the torque thing. now i am ok with miss runway, but like a glamour gal she is on the pricey side...oh i'd say 8-9bucks would be a real deal. 15, well i am not shouting out in glee 'look how much i paid'.", "I got this in Dec.'09 and it still looks like new. Soft comfy handle, soft comfy knob, easy to start a cut in a can lid and best of all -- it's totally quiet. There's no loud, grinding whir. There's no uncertainty whether or not a can will fall out of an electric can opener's feeble grasp. I love it and you will too.", 'Can openers just don\'t last forever.  I got this one after extensive research based on its high ratings by other reviewers, and based on the description of "stainless-steel teeth bite into lids with the agility of a great white shark."  How can you beat that?  Anyway, it is easy to use, it turns without any real wrist strength required and gets the job done.  I am sure that I will need another in a few years, but for the price, this one does the trick.', 'I have been through a million can openers and for some reason have had the worst luck with them.  This can opener is durable and cuts through cans like butter.', 'I never thought much about can openers until I got older...and my hands and wrists started to hurt more when opening cans.My last can opener gave up the ghost and I splurged on this one. Boy Howdy! I am glad that I did.It is painless, simple, and quick to open any size cans with this tool.I highly recommend it to one and all!', "This is a wonderful can opener. It's strong, pulls the lid into perfect place, and never misses. If you've been using a cheap-o can opener, this one will truly impress you.", 'This is an easy to use can opener that opens cans flawlessly.  There is not much to say as it does what it is supposed to do.', 'WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS CAN OPENER IS THE EASE OF OPENING CANS. THIS CAN OPENER IS WELL MADE.  I WOULD RECOMEND THIS ITEM.', 'If what you desire is inside of a can, then this can opener will open it. It will TAKE DOWN any can. It will literally DESTROY any can. OBLITERATE. DEMOLISH. RUIN. PUT BIG HOLE IN IT, SPECIFICALLY, AT THE TOP. It will open ANYTHING--soup, corn (creamed or whole), beans, ham. It will also open: hearts, minds, eyes, arms, doors, books, floodgates, Pandora\'s box, and, curiously enough, marriages. It is effortless, smooth, and a total badass. It\'s so easy to use, a blind dolphin can use it. A BLIND DOLPHIN.Sure it\'s about $20. You COULD get a cheaper one for $4. Yes, you could be a hater and do that. But just understand you\'ll be sadface because you\'ll spend an extra ten minutes struggling to open a stupid can of peas and realize what an epic mistake you\'ve made with your P.O.S. four dollar can opener and you\'ll consider, perhaps briefly, buying frozen vegetables next time, which are actually better for you anyway, so maybe canned peas was a bad example. So just reread that whole thing but use "tomato sauce" instead.With this BALLS OUT can opener, you will wish EVERY SINGLE THING on this planet and on other planets came in a can so you can open them. Pencils, socks, books, CDs, cell phones, Sacagawea dollar coins, Little League trophies. You will wish ALL OF THOSE THINGS came in a can. If toothpaste came in a can you would not EVEN CARE because it would be ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEM to open it.You know how your crappy can opener has some gunk on the wheel? It looks like a secretion? That\'s rust, my friend. One of the many reasons your current can opener sucks a left nut is because it\'s not stainless steel. This one is stainless steel. Therefore, your crappy can opener is sucking this can opener\'s left nut. And guess what? It\'s rather enjoying it.Look, if Bruce Lee, Chuck Norris, Steven Seagal, and Harvey Keitel gave birth to a baby, that baby would be this can opener. What I am trying to say is that this is a can opener for people WHO DO NOT FEAR ACTION and for those who are BAD IN THE PANTS DEPARTMENT.', 'This opener deserves all the praise it has received from other reviewersI have arthritis in my hands and although I rarely use canned items, I do need one to open dog food and this opener is so very easy to use that I wish I had more cans to open.', "I must admit that this not the exact OXO can opener that I have. Mine is exactly like it except it has the soft handles - not like the less expensive model with the bottle opener. Otherwise mine is identical and I wouldn't be able to function in the kitchen without it. I've had mine for about 3 or 4 years - maybe longer - time flies. I saw where only a few reviewers were disappointed. I don't understand how that could be possible. Like another reviewer, I grew tired of electric can openers that eventually wouldn't hold onto the can while cutting the lid or the blade would become dull or bent so it was useless. Also, got tired of taking up counter space. I don't think anyone will be sorry for buying this can opener. It's well worth every penny.", "This can opener is not only pretty, but easy to use. It doesn't jump off the can rim and the turning handle is very good for arthritic fingers.  I'm very pleased with this opener.", 'This critter opens 8 cat food cans a day, day-in and day-out along with an assortment of pantry products for the family. Looks like I need a second one because we all wait at the dishwasher for the dry cycle.So far, it has held out over a year with no rust or fading.Only drawback is that the opener has cut off more cat whiskers than my p-38.G.I. P-38 Can Openers (15 Pack)', 'All my previous purchases were the lower end of the OXO Can Opener. I decided to buy this more expensive model because the rubber handle portion is only towards the end of the handle. My other OXO can Opener broke at the joint of the rubber and the stainless steel although I used it for several years. I believe this model be the best choice. I would recommend it to my friends and other relatives', 'Easy to use, Love it. Love it. Love it. Only small oddity is that the turning knob is so large, its hard to slide into the drawer. The knob has to go downwards in the drawer for my drawer to close. But minor compared to the ease of use.', 'I grew up with electric can openers that inevitably broke or had a hard time attaching to the can, then the contents often spilled as I removed it from the magnetic holder. Back then the alternative was a hand-held manual one that was actually painful to use.After marrying we bought an electric can opener which broke soon thereafter. While waiting for the day when it was to be repaired (which ended up being never), I bought this OXO manual can opener thinking it would be a temporary and inexpensive solution. It is awesome. We have been using ours for about 5 years and it is still going strong. It is fast, easy to use, and comfortable. There is no pain or discomfort when holding it. It cuts the can cleanly and is just plain easier to use than electric can openers. We are sticking with the OXO can opener and not going back to electric openers.I highly recommend this can opener, ditch your electric can opener and make things easier on yourself!', "I discovered that the addition of a magnetic locking mechanism would make this a much better can opener.  Also, I found that this can opener leaves sharp edges whereas some don't.  Overall though, I think this is a good can opener.", "I thouhgt about buying the one touch can opener till I read the reviews.  This had good reviews and I still liked a manual can opener.  This one is great.  It turns very easily and thats what I was looking for.  The only upgrade it could have had would have been a magnet to hold the lid of the can, instead it leaves a tiny bit of the lid attached so it doesn't fall into the food.  So I guess it's 4 ++ and to me that equals a 5.", "I buy a lot of OXO kitchen items and invariably review them positively on Amazon. This can opener is no exception. It has a nice weight to it, but more importantly it is very easy to use. It cuts through cans like they were made of butter. It is comfortable in the hand and can handle any size can with little to no effort. It is well made and easy to clean, though as the manufacturer points out it should be hand washed. It has soft hand grips which adds to the comfort factor. My only gripe is that this is on the big side so it isn't even remotely compact but it is very easy to find.Since I am not a fan of electric can openers due to cleaning issues, this is a nice alternative. It Is also great for anyone who might have arthritis in their hands or lack upper body strength since it requires very little effort.", 'THIS PRODUCE IS GREAT!!! Best I have every used--it is easy to grip, sturdy, glides around the can effortlessly.  Well done, OXO.', "I've had this can opener for almost 2 years and I can say that it still works and looks like new! I love it! It's so much easier to use than an electric opener. I've had tons of manual openers too and this has worked and lasted like a champ. When you're done with it, just throw it back in the drawer until next time - no more wasted space for an electric opener!", "We have used manual can openers for years with great success. We decided to replace our last one as the cutter wheel was getting dull with age. Because of the reviews we decided to try this one and it was delivered a couple of weeks ago.Having lived with it for awhile we have found it to be easy to use and comfortable to hold. It is small enough to fit in a drawer out of sight but substantial enough to tackle any can we've tried it on.The larger handle does make opening the can somewhat easier as it spreads the pressure over a wider area of the hand.I recommend it for all.", 'I\'ve never quite gotten "the hang" of electric can openers-- if I get the can open, it\'s truly LUCK--not SKILL.  Decided to return to a good old-fashioned can opener, but since they can be hard to turn at times, I decided to splurge on this one. It is soooo well worth the extra money.  I just love Oxo\'s squirting dish brush (the only one I\'ve ever used that doesn\'t leak!), & I will definitely try more of their products.  Truly impressive.', "Best one yet, ordered an under the cabinet unit, had my old one for many years and it  finally gave out.  Ordered anew one and that didn't go through 10 cans before it broke.  This a tank compared to all the rest. Very good.", 'I purchased this for my mom who has issues with her hands.  The large handles are comfortable and it consistently opens can without having to go around multiple times.  Would purchase again!', 'The large knob on this can opener makes it easier to use than the other can openers that we have. Price and delivery were good. Highly recommended.', 'I had a "Clean-edge" can opener that work for its first 90 days, then couldn\'t open a can of soup without going around it three times and then prying it up with a butter knife.So, I replaced it with this, the OXO Steel Can Opener. It opens cans. Every time, on the first pass around the rim, it opens the can. That\'s the first requirement for a can opener, after all, isn\'t it? If something feels like heaven in the palm of your hand and is scented like fresh roses, but won\'t open a can, then it\'s a failure as a can opener.This one is not.It is also better than the average can opener, because it does have a more comfortable grip and a wider turn-knob for opening. Now, I don\'t open a dozen cans a day. I open one or two a day, so I\'m not really stressed about how this would feel after hours of use. I do know that there is no dread after working with other things of "Oh, bother, that can opener hurts." Ergonomics-wise, it\'s a plus.Appearance? I chose not to frame my can opener to keep it on display, because it just wasn\'t beautiful enough for that. I keep it in a drawer, instead. Not because it\'s ugly but because it\'s a utensil and I just do not care if a guest who is present while I\'m opening a can has nothing better to say than "Ooh, pretty can opener!" We bought a nice-looking mixer because it\'s out all the time. The can opener\'s not ugly, but I can\'t bring myself to care about that either way.It\'s a good can opener.', "7 months and this baby is ready for the trash.  I could accept that from the $1.99 camping can opener.  But I'm not gonna pay $12.00 for this thing to rust out in half a year.Problem being the rust builds up on the shaft of the turning gear and slowly works its way through to the divet.  We have never put this thing into the washing machine.  Very disappointing.As an emergency replacement we got the no name can opener from the grocery store.  Cheap, clean, works well.", "IT IS JUST THE THING FOR WEAK HANDS. It is so easy to turn. I don't need my electric opener now.", "When my electric can opener finally died after 10+ years I looked everywhere to find a replacement of comparable quality, looks, and functionality, but couldn't find anything to suit me.  I only have a need to open a can about once a month anyway so when I saw this OXO manual can opener I decided to give it a try.  I'm so glad I did.  This manual can opener is both easier to use and easier to clean than my old electric one.  It looks great, and lives in my &#34;gadget drawer&#34; so it doesn't take up space on my counter.  It handles really large cans with ease, and the over sized soft knob is a plus.  I'll never buy another electric can opener again!", "After going through about a dozen cheap can openers, I finally broke down and decided to invest in a good one. This thing is AMAZING. I mean - it actually opens the cans, and you don't need to be Hercules to use it. I've had it for several years and it was worth every single penny.", "This can opener is freaking ridiculously awesome! I never thought that I'd be amped up to write a review for a can opener, but after using it, I felt obligated to share with my Amazon brethren just how great this little gadget is. First of all, before buying this particular can opener, I scoured Amazon for several other can openers with good reviews in the hope that I would end up buying one that worked great. In fact, I had initially began my search for an electric can opener as my old one bit the dust. However, after about an hour of searching and comparing electric can openers, I came to the conclusion that they all had their flaws and that none were a guaranteed good purchase. Fortunately, at the end of my search, I wound up viewing the Oxo Steel Can Opener. After reading the description, viewing the picture, and subsequently reading the reviews, I came to the conclusion that a manual can opener is a better choice and that the Oxo CO was the best on the market.Thankfully, the customer reviews did not let me down. Once the can opener arrived I broke out a large can of soup and put it in action. Whoa! I was shocked. The can opener was so smooth that I wasn't sure if it was even opening the can, but sure enough, at the end of the slice the can was opened perfectly. The ability to slice through the can is due to an attached hard plastic knob protruding from the side of the can opener which acts as a wrench. The wrench-esque knob enables you to slice through the can by effortlessly twisting it.Potential buyers should know a few things about this can opener. 1.) It fits your hand perfectly and comfortably. 2.) There is no extra strength required as the can opener slices through the tin top like a warm knife cutting through butter. 3.) The ease of opening cans cannot be overstated as many disabled or elderly people have a weak grip. Making things easy for these people is the fact that the Oxo CO does not require you to put a death grip on the can with one hand and then strain to crank on the knob with the other hand like many other manual CO's do.In summation: If you are thinking about buying this item, do yourself a favor and get it.", "I bought a terrible $3 can opener, then a slightly less bad $5 can opener, then a still bad $10 can opener. Then I gave up and finally bought this can opener which actually works consistently and well. I don't know why the others all worked so poorly, but this one is worth it for removing the frustration and lessening the chance that I cut myself messing with a sharp can lid.", 'i was tired of buying cheap can openers that would work 2-3 times then stop cutting and slipping so i broke down and spent a decent amount on the oxo can opener. right after i got this can opener i put it the test and its great the weight on the opener is weighty but not heavy and the most important cutting was very smooth and the lids are cutting almost bur less which is great since i have a son.', "It's the same model as one that I had for who knows how many years, but the old one started loosing its edge. So I ordered another like it. It's easy to use. What else can one say?", "This OXO can opener seems to be well made and most of all makes can opening a breeze.  I've gone through a lot of can openers and hope this one stays sharp and lasts.  It's not dishwasher safe, but is easy to wash by hand with a little soap and water and dry thoroughly.  It does not have the made in China stamp on it.", 'this opener is good for people with arthritis in their hands it turns very easily and for a good price', "These are so much better than what I've been using, and the old ones were not cheap!  Amazing how much better they are.", 'Had this for about a year now and it is still perfect. Easy to operate and no issues grabbing the can. The twist grip is big enough to not cause me any issues when my hands are stiff or weak but not so large that it takes up excessive drawer space. The cutting wheel and surrounding area is not rusty or gunked up either. Good opener.', 'I have owned this can opener for a couple years now.  It is the best one I have ever used considering both handheld and electric units.  It is very easy to use and cleans up nicely in the dishwasher.  Looks like it should last longer than I will.', "I have a food truck business and purchased this can opener to open mostly #10 cans of tomatoe products.  It just doesn't cut it for that purpose.  It worked great for a 14 1/2 oz. can, or the small can of tomato paste, but slips off the rim of the larger can.", "I bought this for my parents as a gift.  After only 6 months the opener stopped working and broke in half.  I'm sure it was just a bad one though.  I also have this can opener in my home.  I've had mine for over three years and it is in great condition still.  I use it every day for vegetables or pet food.  It cleans up well and cuts evenly.  I haven't had any issues with a jagged cut, breaking or falling apart in any way.  I run mine through the dishwasher about once a week just to make sure it is super clean.", "I had this opener for about two months when it didn't open a can this morning and I had to fish out my old one which did the job. It's a good thing I saved my old one just in case.  I was surprised since Oxo is usually a good product. Unfortunately, I cannot return it.  Lesson learned on that one.", "Oddly enough it rusts in only two places. One place you can scrub off the rust with a brush. However, it also rusts in place where the little sharp wheel is connected.  There is a small hole (you can see it in the picture) and it's gotten so bad in there that it's about to rust through. I gave it two stars because it is extremely functional and easy to use. But I can't for the life of me understand why they would design this so that the reverse side of the cutting wheel is exposed inside a small hole?", "This is the first OXO product to disappoint me. Normally their stuff is good quality and lasts well. The handle came off after 7 months. It had probably been used less than two dozen times and had not been abused. I'll still buy other OXO products but I'm replacing the can opener with a different brand.", "All I wanted was a can opener that worked. That actually cut the lid entirely and didn't leave little bits of steel to struggle with. Using this opener is like riding in a Cadillac after having ridden a worn out scooter. OK that's about as passionate as I can get about a can opener. It's good, if you want a manual can opener that works, buy this one.", 'I bought this because my wife has arthritis in her hands and I hoped it would make it easier for her to open cans. It helps, but not as much as I would like.', 'This is the best can opener that I have ever owned. I have had it for 1 year and it has given me lots of use with no trouble.Its also very stlish and comfortable. I have Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and using gadgets like this can be difficult for me. This can opener requires less effort so its good for my hands!', 'Wow !!!  How I wish that I had come across this "baby" a long, long time ago.  I would have saved plenty of money, time and annoyance with the other assorted can openers I had purchased over the years.This can opener is just the "best ever" and I mean that sincerely.  This can opener works so smoothly, so precisely, so gently--it glides easily with no effort....I find that I must watch it operate to know that it is truly opening the can I am intending to open....because it is just "that smooth" when it opens your cans.  I am so pleased and happy with this fantastic can opener....I tell everyone that will listen.  This is a fantastic product and so worth the investment. I absolutely love this can opener...and I just bet that you will too.', "I have gone through so many can openers over the years.  I keep them clean, I keep them dry, I don't use them as weapons.  However, after a few months, they get cranky, and in less then a year, they stop working all together, and I have to get a new one.  I've tried cheap ones, and even some pricey ones, and they're all the same.  So far, this OXO can opener has lasted the longest.  It's outlasted all of them, and has not even started getting difficult yet.  I'm very excited.  Time will ultimately tell, but I can say this is the best one I've owned so far.", 'Okay, my old rusty can opener died after many years of use.  It was rusty, the teeth were wearing off, and it slipped and skipped when opening a can, resulting in frustration, scuffed knuckles, and a few cuss words. Being a cheapskate, I was trying to stretch the life as long as possible, but finally it gave up the ghost.  While I was looking for a replacement I found this thing and read its many rave reviews.  I\'m thinking "it\'s just a damn can opener, not a ginzu knife, why all the fuss?"I bought this, based on all the rave reviews, thinking "What I sucker I am, I could get a can opener like my old one for ten bucks, I\'m paying double that for this thing" but I went ahead and got it.I have been using this for six months now, and can attest that it is worth every penny.  It is very easy to "start", getting a good grip and "bite" into the can lid. It has a smooth action, is easy to turn, and there is no slipping or skipping.  The handle is shaped so that it is easy to grip, and is does not dig into your hand or stress your fingers as my old one did.  My wife and teenage daughter find it easy to use and easy on the hands.It washes up easily by hand or dishwasher, and is well made so there is no rust or other deterioration.On top of all that it looks great!  I highly recommend it.', "We've been using an electric can opener for years now, and it's all of a sudden decided to stop going around the can rim.  I contemplated getting another electric opener, but saw all the great reviews for this one and figured I'd give it a try.  I was definitely not disappointed.  It works much easier and quicker than an electric opener does!Very smooth can opening, no jagged edges to mess with, and, like I stated, much quicker than an electric.  It's a tad expensive but well worth the money.  I would highly recommend this product -- good for kids and adults with hand difficulties too!", 'I HAVE ARTHRITIS AND THIS CAN OPENER SEEMS TO BE OKAY TO USE BECAUSE OF THE GRIP. ITS NOT AS HARD TO TURN FOR ME AS SOME OTHERS WERE.', "it does a great job of opening cans.  why am i even commenting on that?  well...i have owned a few can openers over the years and was quite surprised at just how difficult it was to find one that worked liked it was supposed to.  this one is easy to crank and it stays on the lid and doesn't track off or skip places.  it does what it is supposed to do and now days, any item that actually works as advertised is a rare thing!", "I eat A LOT OF TUNA straight out of the can because it is a cheap source of protein and when you are a lifter you need cheap protein because getting as much protein you can get is important.  I don't want to have to take 20 protein shakes a day.  Every crappy can opener I would buy broke within a year.  I can already tell this is going to last awhile!", "We had an old can opener that well, didn't open the cans as one would like. I have been trying more and more OXO products, and was pleased to find the can opener.  It turns so easlly and the cans open so smoothly.  I have been careful not to put it in the dishwaster.  Just rinse and set out to dry.", 'my wife tends to be "can opener challenged".  I know it sounds crazy, but true.  She had no problem with this one.  It had the easiest mechanics, and it even had a bottle opener.', "I bought this can opener a little more than a year ago. And it was great, so smooth in opening cans. But then all of a sudden with no warning, it won't turn any more. I'm reduced to just pressing down and then going around and around the can. It's so no worth the extra money.", "I've gone through quite a few can openers over the years.  This one is even better than the expensive Kitchenaid that I bought a few years ago.", "This is a really good can opener. Well made. Works every time. More reliable than any electric I've had. With the big knob, it turns easily.", 'The initial clamping down requires a firm clamp -- but then it\'s all smooth, effortless sailing from there. The grip may feel a bit large for smaller hands, but it\'s not heavy -- notwithstanding the solid feel to the entire construction. The big, wide "turn" handle is very nice.', 'My first OXO can opener lasted for years and then......it disappeared.Fortunately, Amazon got my replacement out quickly.That was June. By December it needs replacement.....', "I've gone through a few different models of can openers over the last 10 years or so. From the EZ DUZ IT model to a fancy kitchen aid. They all work, but not as well as this one. Love the build quality and construction. It's about as easy as it gets to use and cleans easily. So far, I've only had it for about 6 months, but I anticipate it will hold up for a few years at least. I try not to throw it in the dishwasher, because I get the feeling that is what ruins these things. As with most (not all) OXO products, you likely won't be let down.", "I'm not usually disappointed with Oxo products, so I figured what could go wrong with a nearly 5-star can opener? Plenty, as it turned out. While the handle is reasonably comfortable and fairly easy to turn, the lids I tried to remove (pet food cans) never came off completely. For no apparent reason, the blade would always skip and leave a couple of unopened places on the top of the can. This meant going back and forth over the unopened spots so that I could somehow pry the lid off without cutting my fingers. Unfortunately, these spots left mean-looking jagged edges that made me deal gingerly with the partially removed lid--once I was down to one unopened place, I'd lift the lid and work it back and forth to fatigue the metal so that I could get rid of the entire lid. All of this is unacceptable in a 21st century can opener that retails for close to $20, so it's going back to the store. I gave it two stars for the quality of the construction and the stainless steel blade. If you want to open a can with a minimum of fuss, I'd suggest buying something else.", 'My mother and my grandmother both have the Amco Swing-A-Way at their homes; I cannot say for sure how many decades old they are, but I can say the design hasn\'t changed any that I can tell.  I wanted a can opener that would last like that, but I know that the grip on the Amco is something that gets less and less comfortable over time (due to the age of the operator, not anything against the Amco).  In the last 8 years I\'ve been through 1 electric (Hamilton Beach - it didn\'t wear out or anything, I just didn\'t like all that juice from canned goods all over the place.  Plus, it was a @#$%& to clean that little mechanism and involved a toothbrush.) and 3 handhelds (the "inexpensive" from W. [aka the cheap-cheap-cheapy from China]; a more moderately priced Oxo from T. (I think it was defective, though I didn\'t attempt to exchange it) and a higher priced Farberware from a restaurant supply wholesaler - which, to it\'s credit worked OK so long as I used my left hand.  I\'m not a lefty at all.)  So, with great hesitation, I spent money one more time on this Oxo, based on the good reviews.  I was skeptical, having given up on can openers being good anymore.  Oxo got here in 2 days (love, love, love Amazon Prime so much) and I\'ve been happy ever since.  I mean, like, I open the drawer to get the can opener out, 3 months after I bought it, and I still feel a sense of relief when I see my can opener.  It is a relief to know that this Oxo is (1) easy on the hands (which may be an even bigger relief as time goes on) (2) opens a can smoooooooothly every single time on the first attempt.  I will say, in response to those who don\'t like that the can lid doesn\'t come 100% off - I don\'t like my can lid dropping down in the contents.  While I always rinse my canned goods before cooking or consuming, I don\'t wash my can lid before opening - and I cannot tell you how many sick people I see rubbing their runny noses before touching the top of a can that they inevitably push to the side of the shelf for someone else to take home.  (Not OCD about germs - but a simple cold sore on another person nearly killed my kid, so I am maybe hyperaware of how [to paraphrase] one person\'s cold is another person\'s death.)BOTTOM LINE:  This can opener is worth every penny and seems like it will last.  Oh, yeah, I have put it in the dishwasher quite a few times and it seems to be just as good as when I put it in, only cleaner and sanitized.', "I was hesitant to get another manual can opener, because they all seem to go kaput after a year or so.  After reading the reviews, we ordered this one, and we've opened about 20 things in the past couple weeks, and this is clearly the BEST manual can opener I have ever owned.  So easy, effortless.  Heloise or Dear Abbey once said to wash them in the dishwasher to keep the blades clean, and I do that, but in my experience, even that doesn't rescucitate them after awhile.  Bottom line - so far, so good. The test will be in how long it works like this.  They all start out relatively fine.  I'll report back.", "This oxo steel can opener is amazing!  I can't write enough good things about it.  It's incredibly easy to use!", 'Oxo does it again. Easy on the hands, just make sure to hold it closed or it will slip off the can.', 'After reading good reviews I purchased this can opener.  It feels pretty solid, though I have not actually opened a can with it yet.My biggest annoyance is that it clearly says "hand wash only"!  This is is stark contrast to the product description here on amazon and the user reviews.  That is the one of the biggest selling points!My guess is that Oxo had enough complaints about rust from dishwashers that they changed the product label.  Even stainless steel will rust in the right conditions.', "After using cheaper can openers this was a breath of fresh air! It's so comfortable and effortless to opens cans now.", "Okay, my wife has rheumatoid arthritis and we've tried many manual can openers.  The Oxo surpasses them all.  She was using it just the other day and I asked her why she didn't use the electric can opener.  She said for the smaller cans she likes to use the Oxo.  She held it up and smiled at me and said, &#34;I love it.&#34;  I cannot give a better recommendation than that.", "A can opener that actually works. No frills. No nonsense.  It just openes cans without a fuss.  I don't know why but many can openers seem to have trouble doing their primary function - opening cans!", 'OXO seems to be THE brand for hand appliances with big fat handles.Easy to grip and they work great.Our last hand opener just got dull and hard to use.So nice to have such a well made tool.', "Let me just say that I love this so much that I want to marry it. WAY easier to use than even electric can openers which sometimes fail to attach properly and the can falls off. But please don't tell my blender. I once pledged my love to it as well.", "I had the OXO can opener with the magnetic lid catcher, and liked it very much, but unfortunately, after a few years, it would grab the can but the big knob would no longer turn. It was not functional anymore. So I purchased this one to replace it. Wow! this guy can open anything! I order canned Blue W. grain-free dog food five cases at a time, and when they're shipped to me, many of them end up dented, even on the top rim. No problem for this heavy-duty opener. The cans I order online have pop-tops, but I like to use the opener because once it has removed the top I can shake out the contents in one piece and then divide it into precise portions. (With a pop-top, you have to dig the contents out with a spoon.) So I am very pleased with this opener.However, I do want to say that when my previous lighter-weight one died, I went to the OXO website and contacted Customer Service via email, and described the problem. They got right back to me and asked me to email them a photo of the broken opener. Even though the flaw was not evident in the photo, they took my word for it that it was not working, and without asking for a receipt for proof of purchase (which was long gone), or even requiring returning the actual opener by mail, they sent me a replacement within 10 days, no charge. The replacement was the other can opener with the magnetic lid catcher, and it works well for almost all cans.But this one is the heavy-duty master.  Thank you, OXO. Awesome products and awesome customer service.Still, thank you, OXO, for your fabulous customer service. Nice to know of a company that stands behind its products.", "Aren't can openers such a pain?  You have to have one around, but they always fall short of expectations because they're either too hard to use, too hard to clean, or in the case of the electric ones, they just stop working.  Until now!This can opener is easy to use, doesn't hurt my hand to crank, and won't break down like my electric.  In fact, since my electric one gets so messy after each use, I just pull this one out of the drawer instead.  No sense wasting electricity, even miniscule amounts, when this can opener is so convenient and takes little or no muscle to use.  It was a bit spendy for a can opener, but it should last a long time.  It is easy to clean but it doesn't even seem to get food on the blade like my electric one does.  The handles are nice and grippy, typical Oxo, and it has a nice weight to it.  It appears to be well built and pretty sharp.  I will never waste my money on electric can openers again.  You can even use this one when the power goes out!", 'The cutting wheel assembly and handle grips are made of stainless steel, but most of the rest of the can opener is plain old chrome-plated steel.  So this part rusts, just like the can openers of yore. It works well --it rusts. I am a big fan of Oxo products, but was disappointed in the construction of this one.', "A perfect can opener.....I am hoping it lasts and lasts because of the ease of use.  A little pricey compared to others, but they don't last AT ALL.  This appears sturdier, less apt to rust and be inoperable in a short time..", "This can opener, like most OXO products, is well-made andhas a good-feeling grip.  It works quickly with not toomuch effort but you must keep an even pressure near theend so the lid completely cuts off.  Yes, unfortunately,the lid does fall into the food but my mother taught mewhen I was a child to always wipe off the can lid witha wet paper towel before opening it.  I would have preferreda can opener that leaves a smooth edge but I've had verynegative results with several of that type.  Every one Ihad left slivers of the can label, or even worse, sliversof metal which got into the food.  No thanks.  I've alsoread almost all of the reviews on Amazon on the differentmodels and this one came closest to being the perfect canopener at the right price.  Most expensive isn't alwaysthe best.  This is a good, sturdy can opener which is easyto use and should hold up for many years.  Care must betaken when removing the lid after opening, but I've solvedthat problem by never picking it up with my fingers.  I havesmall tongs which I use for that purpose - no more cut fingers!", 'Although this opener may look modern and appear to be one that will deliver SMOOTH edges on cans..... IT DOES NOT.The can tops are not smooth at all and the lids have brutally sharp edges that could send you to the Emergency Room.I am extremely disappointed in this unit.Do Not purchase.It is a piece of junk.', 'Best can opener ever. I have owned so many crappy ones. This one gets the job done right the first time. OXO products are the best. Great heavy duty quality!', 'This is a nice, modern, and well designed can-opener. Ergonomically, it blends form & function. Terrific.', "While this can opener is commendable for how smoothly and easily it works, it does not cut through the last millimeter or two of the can top. This means you have to twist the top off, which leaves a tiny but very sharp protrusion. Given the usual high quality of OXO products, when I first bought this, I was sure I'd picked up a dud.  OXO replaced it quickly and with no fuss, but the second opener has exactly the same flaw. Now I see I'm not the only one to complain about this.", "Has replaced my electronic can opener. Attaches easily to cans, requires minimal effort to turn - which is especially helpful if you have weak hands or wrists. It's a great can opener.", "I've been using an ancient swing away for 25 years and it just didn't work anymore. OK, so it didn't owe me anything and worked great for the price but after trying this one by Oxo I didn't know how good a can opener could be. I know, how excited can you be over a can opener after all, it just opens cans right? Well yes thats all it does but it does it so easily and so cleanly it is truly a pleasure to use. It cuts clean and doesn't twist the can dumping liquid all over the counter. I love the handle which protrudes out just enough so you can get a good easy grip and it turns effortlessly. I think this is very well thought out, great product.", "This can opener is better than any I have owned previously, but not perfect.  After a year or so, the gear mechanism is starting to slip when I first start turning the handle.  Also, the opener does leave a little strip of metal between the can and the lid, as some other reviewers have mentioned.  This is not a good thing, since sometimes the little strip falls into the can when I twist or bend the lid to completely separate it.  However, I have never owned one that doesn't do this.", "This is sturdy, and ergonomically-friendly (got it for my elderly mother).  I checked it out and this is by far my favorite handheld can opener.  Even if you're used to the electric kind, this opens cans easily without much strain, has padded handles and is sturdy.  And well-priced.", "I'm very happy with this can opener.  It has extremely smooth action and is effortless to use...very easy on the wrist!  I also like the fact that it's stainless steel so I don't expect it to rust as others have in the past.  I read the reviews on this product before I purchased it and do disagree with a few of them.  Although the can opener works great I have yet to have it completely detach the lid from the can.  When the opener has gone completely around the lid there is always a tiny piece of lid attached to the can that I have to twist off.  No problem as far as I'm concerned but I'm noting it because other reviews claim the lid is completely removed.", 'Nice old fashioned can opener (no Batteries). Heavy duty stainless construction. Opens WIDE for easy cleaning. This is a keeper.', 'This OXO Can Opener replaces a similar opener of a different brand that, after probably 8 months of use, became difficult for me to use.  -  I appreciate this so much.  It simply, easily and quickly completes the job.  I have used it almost every day for about a month now and find that it readily punctures the lid; the large handle turns quite easily for my somewhat painful finger joints; the edges of the can lid are not as sharp as some other openers have left them.  I readily recommend this to you..', "As a former Chef I am picky about using only quality kitchen utensils, and I heartily endorse this can opener. Most manual can openers have a tendency to hang up or run off the lip of the can, but not this beauty. It stays on the lid without ever jumping off and has incredible ease of operation due to it's large mechanical advantage and handle construction.This may look like a cheap can opener from the local retailer, but it's ease of use, durability, and the fact that it is dishwasher safe (many aren't) makes this the best value for the can opener dollar imaginable.", "Bought this opener based on reviews. It works well but it does 'hang up' on cans if there is even the slightest dent. I either have to release the grip and reposition the opener or use a different can opener altogether - definitely a pain...  When it does work perfectly it is smooth and easy to operate whereas my other hand openers (I have 2 others) take a bit more effort.  If it worked perfectly I'd be singing its praises.  But - had I known it was going to have this issue I wouldn't have bought it - the slight increase in effort I have to use with my other openers wins over the 'frustration factor' of this one - not to mention at $17.99 it is much more expensive than any opener you can buy at your grocery store or Walmart.  Lately I find I'm reaching for one of my old openers when I need to open a can.", '&#34;You get what you pay for&#34; is never more applicable than with can openers.  Those cheapo types will give you a great opener for about 5 times of use, then it seems you can do better with a butter knife.  This guy--after almost a year of (lots of) use--just takes a licking and keeps on ticking (er, cutting).  All sized cans are no match to this ergonomically designed machine.  Better than most electric openers as well.', "Very easy to use, operates smoothly, doesn't require a lot of pressure to turn, comfortable handle.  Only negative if not dried right away starts to rust.", "...this is the thought that immediately popped into my head upon first using this can opener. Whether or not it makes sense is irrelevant; the point is that this is an excellent can opener.Pros:-It's dishwasher safe (a lot of can openers aren't, apparently).-It feels solid and well-built.-Opening a can with it is remarkably smooth and effortless.Cons:-None so far.I originally mulled over whether paying ~$16 for a can opener was ridiculous when there are many cheaper options available. I'm glad I went through with it, though, because I've never used a better can opener in my life and it seems like it will last a very long time.", 'I love this can opener, it opens cans with ease and dose not hurt my hands like a lot of the other ones I have bought.', 'Oxo SteeL Can OpenerThis is the best can opener on the market. It works excellent!', "it's just a can opener, but almost 3 years later, i'm still amazed by this kitchen appliance.  it opens cans so smoothly, and easily, and it's still clean and rust free.  yay oxo!", "I bought this on Novermber 30, 2011, but I wanted to wait a little while before I wrote this review.  Can openers have been the bane of my existence over the last several years.  So, so many of them work great at first, only to fall apart or stop cutting after six months.  It's been over eight months now and this opener still works like new.I'm the cook in the house, and I cook a lot.  This can opener works very smoothly, with very little effort, is very comfortable in the hands, and has so far stood the test of time.  I will update immediately if it does break or lose functionality.  If you're reading this and there's no update, it's still working great with heavy usage.", 'Started using mine a little over 1 year ago and mechanically it\'s by far the best working can opener I\'ve used.  Sadly, it\'s obvious that it won\'t be working for much longer because it\'s being eaten by rust!  I\'ve never washed it in the dishwasher.  Since I\'ve had so much trouble finding a can opener that does what it\'s supposed to in the past this one\'s been babied - cutting blades rinsed with white vinegar and hand-dried with a dish towel after every use but STILL can\'t keep the rust at bay.  It started in the deep, narrow groove where one side slides into the other and it just keeps spreading.  I\'ve tried lightly sanding off the rust in places I can reach but it just keeps creeeeping and with each use the opener gets a little stiffer and more difficult to open/close.Perhaps a more conscientious consumer might\'ve been able to foil what looks suspiciously like OXO\'s built-in obsolescence with a blow dryer and 15 minutes of can opener maintenance after every Starkist session but there are limits to what I\'m willing to do in order to keep a product doing what it\'s supposed to do.  Good thing Starkist also comes in pouches.ETA:  After review, I contacted OXO customer service regarding the rust situation and they couldn\'t give real explanation as to why a "stainless steel" can opener was rusting so badly beyond a vague "it shouldn\'t do that" sort of response.  I was asked to submit photographic evidence of rust in order to receive replacement.  I did so without any real hope that replacement would be an improvement since OXO wasn\'t likely to fix a problem they weren\'t willing to admit even existed.  However, the replacement clearly stated "stainless steel" on packaging, which is something that I never thought to look for on first opener, not anticipating the rust - so there was SOME hope.Sadly, the word "stainless" doesn\'t seem to mean what I thought it meant because after letting the replacement hang out in a drawer for months and months while I used a grocery store model that did NOT rust despite less gentle treatment (although, in fairness, it did stop working well after about a year - not so much a problem for something priced under $2) I started using it.  Again, it was kept far from the dishwasher and dried as thoroughly as practicable after each use and AGAIN...in a matter of weeks, the rust came creeping.  Therefore, I\'m taking back one of those two stars and steering clear of OXO\'s over-priced disposables from now on.', 'This is just too hard to use.  I wound up ordering an electric can opener.  Another object cluttering the counter.', 'This is a great gadget. Opens cans so easily! Am throwing out my annoying electric can opener. I have had it for a while and no rust either, unlike every other can opener I have had!', 'I have been very pleased with my purchase of the OXO can opener.  This is heavy and very durable.  This can open anything from soup cans, large fruit cans, and large coffee cans easily.  I have read that OXO designs their products so they will be easy to use, and easy on your hands.  I have found this can opener to live up to being easy to use.  If you are looking for a replacement can opener, I think you will find this a good one to choose.', 'Solid, sturdy, smooth and effortless operation, feels like it will last a long time.  Very happy I got this one and not an electric opener.  A little pricey, but if it lasts it will be worth it.', "Works better than rusty old one. Hope his one doesn't  get rusty, as it isn't cheap. Have been washing by hand and not putting on dishwasher so maybe it will last better", 'Very smooth and easy to use. Love the big knob and the way the handles fit in my hand. Love it.', "I remember when I was a kid and my parents got one of those electric can openers.  It was so fascination, espcially in those days when all we had were the real cheap manual openers that you had to be a weighlifter to try and turn.  We were mesmerized watching it do its work.  But as I got old it's problems became annoying such as the can simply falling from the magnet and spilling its contents all over your counter.  I've used manual openers ever since.I'm not sure why you'd want to pay more than $15 for a can opener.  That just seems silly to me.  This strong and durable one from Oxo does the job remarkable well.  Cuts cleaning and smoothly and goes all through the lid without your having to twist and pull that last little sliver of aluminum.  Solid construction that grips well in your hand and even kids can turn it without problem.  This really is the best bet for the money.  Highly recommended!", "I don't like electric can openers so I am always looking for a nice manual one.  I've purchased a couple of really expensive European models from specialty cooking stores (I love those places but I tend to spend a LOT of money on impulse and then I don't always use the things that I buy).  The expensive pairs are nice but I have to say that they are not as comfortable as this one. I hate looking for a can opener when I need one so I keep several around. For the price this is a great value and even though I have large hands it's really comfortable.", "Best hand can opener I have owned.  It does it's job.  Slight amount of corrosion after a year but you have to look really close.", "I was so tired of can openers working for a week, then I got this guy. This little baby feels great in my hand, is easy and smooth to operate and has actually lasted a month or more now. Whew! I wasn't sure it was possible.", 'I had another Oxon can opener but I found it hard to grip tightly enough to use. This became an issue as carpel tunnel syndrome made my hands into hooks. This can opener is much easier to grip. It has a sharp blade that opens everything smoothly. Now I no longer have to ask my son for help opening my cans.', "Hopefully this will be the last can opener that I'll ever need.  Has heavier weight and feel that comparable openers at the big box store. For those cans without a pull tab, this product makes opening a snap.", "VERY PLEASED, THIS STRAINER FITS MOST BOWLS OR POTS AND DOES EXACTLY AS AMERICA'S TEST KITCHEN SAID--THANKS GUYS---BUY IT  YOU'LL LOVE IT TOO", 'I am happy with the quality of this strainer.  It\'s quite stable, and well-balanced.  But its volume is a shade or two too small for easy, general use.  It CAN handle any task, but one has to pour slowly, on account of its shallowness, and size.But the 8 inch Oxo strainer has a 15 " length, which would have been too long for my allotted storage space.', 'Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times. At the last minute, when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time, I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch, for thickening, and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce. Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand. This OXO strainer is 6 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing. The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth. This strainer also works well for removing seeds and lumps from fruit sauces, even after pureeing them in a food mill, or electric mini-prep or blender.', "I love this strainer and have to say that it does a much better job of rinsing out water than my cuter tiny colander, which tended to collect water (sort of beside the point, right?).  This is a sturdy feeling little guy and I expect it to last for quite some time.  I find myself using it several times a day to drain berries, and it's also handy for straining home-made ice-cream (the initial custard step), sifting flour, dusting desserts with powdered sugar, rinsing rice, and for any small draining or straining needs.  Highly recommended!", "I bought this mainly to use for a pumpkin pie recipe. The recipe said to strain a mixture of pumpkin and yams through the mesh strainer. I will not lie, it was a pain. But the mesh strainer was durable and easy to grip. I laid it over a bowl, and it stayed steady while I strained the thick pumpkin mixture. I think I pushed it's abilities to the max, but the important thing is, it held up. Great purchase, I bought another one just to have on hand.", 'Yes, it is a strainer.  As strainers go...it is very nice.  Made very well.  Comfortable to handle.  Stores easily.  The 6&#34; diameter is a very nice size.  Has many uses.  Would certainly buy another one and do recommend it.  How much can you say...it is a strainer.', 'Generally, I like this:  it looks nice, it feels nice, and it won\'t rust.  The last of the qualities is the most important to me.I bought this because I needed to replace an 20-year-old, cheap, rusty, slightly torn wire mesh strainer that was about eight inches or so in diameter.  This one is only slightly smaller in diameter, but it holds about half as much.  When they measure it, they\'re counting the entire width of the fat metal rim as part of the strainer.  It\'s also noticeably shallower.  As a result, it\'s not useful for bulky jobs, like draining a pound of rigatoni.  They don\'t seem to make one as big as what I\'d like, but perhaps that\'s a good thing, given the complaints about the handle snapping off unexpectedly.My other minor complaint really applies to the entire "SteeL" line:  the small holes they provide in those thick handles aren\'t big enough for me to hang anything.  I\'ve got two different hanging racks, and neither type of hook works.  (One doesn\'t fit, and one gets stuck, so you have to pry it off the hook when you want to use it.)  So we\'re hanging this upside down, on the little loop.', 'This strainer is perfect for hooking to the side of a bowl or pot and straining stock, soup, sauces, or any liquid and it catches fat, spices, bones or other unwanted items leaving you with the good stuff. This strainer has seen heavy use and has held up well over the years. Excellent product.', 'Strainers are kitchen utensils that one needs at inopportune times. At the last minute, when I am hurrying to get all my dishes finished at the same time, I might put forget to add hot liquid to flour or cornstarch, for thickening, and instead add the dry ingredient directly to the gravy or sauce. Then I end up with a lumpy mess unless I have a strainer (or cheesecloth) on hand. This OXO strainer is 8 inches across, so it is large enough to strain a pan of gravy without overflowing. The mesh is a fine gauge, so the gravy will end up smooth.', 'A lot of our kitchen accessories are made by OXO.  We like the grips more than anything else.  We only regret not having purchased the complete set of strainers instead of buying one by itself.  Otherwise it works well.', "I own almost all of the OXO steel gadgets. But this one has kind of scary feeling when lifted by it's handle with something heavy, like it is going to brake on it's weld.", "In this particular style of OXO, I own just about every utensil. I have to say that I have yet to be disappointed!!  The handles are very comfortable, they are sturdy and dishwasher safe.  If you ever get those great 20% off coupons from Bed Bath & Beyond, you can apply them to these and save even more, not that the prices here aren't good but ever bit helps!  Buy them while they are still available.", 'Nothing to complain on this one. It is a nice spatula. I am using it to cut and lift pizza and it does a great job. Easy to clean. I have two different ones from XOX - wanted to see if there was a difference in quality from the same brand, but a different model. They are exactly the same just a different grip  as you hold them. I do think that it is the kind of spatula that you can have for years with only a little common sense maintenance.', 'I was in love with this item at first site. . . Although I have to admit, the item is a bit pricey comparatively to other turners but the ergonomics and the design makes it all well worth it! A recommendation to all designer cooks!', 'I just love OXO.  They do nice things with silicone.  This spatula, unlike the spoons, is just the right length.', 'The handle on this spatula is the perfect width for holding.  I love the rubber grippers OXO adds to the side of the handle.  It makes for a comfortable cooking experience.  The angle from the handle to the blade is the right angle to be able to flip food comfortably.  I bought this to use with a cast iron skillet that melted my favorite plastic spatula.  This has a nice even edge so it can get under the food with a clean quick wipe. When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.  I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before and OXO was very easy to deal with.  They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.', "This product is a strong product. Possibly too strong.  I making something in a skillet and went to flip it, and it felt like the spatula was scraping and catching at the pan.  I'm afraid if I buy a new pan this spatula may scrape it up faster.  It worked well for camping though!", "What can I say? I'm a fan of this Oxo series and think it is well worth the money. You'll have the spatula (excuse me, turner) forever.", 'Great', 'i hate my plastic spatula and this was exactly what i needed. product is perfect and i am glad i ordered it online', "It's the perfect weight and perfect size. The spatula is the right size and it does the job very well.", "I have always found OXO's kitchen implements to be superior, and this stainless steel turner is no exception. It is ruggedly made and very well designed. It is ergonomically friendly to a human hand, and is thin enough to easily slide under delicate things in a pan or griddle without tearing them (a problem with many cheaper turners.)This is certainly not the cheapest turner on the market, but I imagine that it will easily last the rest of my life. It is also dishwasher safe, which is a huge plus. Overall this is the best value for your dollar if you are in the market for a stainless steel turner!", 'I recently purchased a new set of all clad stainless steel pots and pans, therefore I needed a metal spatula.  It works great and is easy to clean as well.', 'A great deal for just $9.  Just a few thoughts on this item;- The stainless steel construction is sturdy, and beautiful- too bad my fingerprints are left on it!- The ribbed fins along the side do improve gripping, comfort, and handling.- The spatula part itself is large, and offers easy pickup of food items.Conclusion- a great and cheap! slotted turner from Oxo.', 'As described.  It does the job.', "OxoSpoonReview (#59191)The quality is superb, the kind that's a pleasure to own, BUT:Imo, it is too large for the average user, AND:The ergonomics are off-mark: used at normal height (stovetop) the angle of the bowl to the shaft is completely wrong.  But if you use it a mid-thigh or knee level, it's exactly right.Fortunately, the shaft is not so difficult to bend, so now the angle is right.  But it's still too big (for me), can't figure a way to fix that.", "I have to admit after buying these OXO Good Grips Steel edition, I will never go back. The ergonomic design, the practicality of it and the high quality steel used to make these makes the whole product line well worth investing.As any cook can tell you, spend as much as you can afford and you'll see your tools last you a lifetime. This is so true for the OXO Steel line.", 'Nice balance.  Feels substantial but not heavy.  Easy to clean in the dishwasher.  Can handle heavy stirring, etc.  What more can you ask of a spoon? :)', "I had a plastic spoon for years until I was trying to remove some gelatinized soup from a Pyrex storage container and the plastic handle snapped. Got this one and very pleased. The rubber grip is smooth and comfortable to the touch and doesn't get too hot even when left in the pot/pan. The spoon is sturdy and feels like it can take some abuse. I also love Oxo brand items!", "I'm trying to replace all the plastic in my house with glass or stainless steel to avoid the poison in plastics.  This spoon does a great job of holding a pile of food. It's great for stirring or serving.  It's not heavy but sturdy.  There is no rust!", 'Stainless steel strong.  The fork tips are sharp.  Stabs and holds food safely away from your hands while you carve away.  No limp wimpy handle.  Puts you safely in control.', 'Purchased along with 8 inch Oxo slicing knife as a carving set.  Works well, comfortable to hold and serve with.', "I almost bought a Good Grips meat fork with a rubber handle until I saw this one. I love Good Grips kitchen tools, and have come to depend on the brand when I'm looking for a nice, solid, reasonably priced kitchen tool. However, in the past, my one complaint has been that when I store utensils in a crock next to the stove, those non-slip handles that I love stick together, and it becomes impossible to grab just one tool - you wind up pulling out 6. This handle fixes that problem. It still has the nice, comfortable handle with rubber on either side for grip, but the stainless steel is much easier to grab quickly out of the crock. I'll definately be looking for more tools with this handle. The fork itself is nice and sturdy, a good size, and handles well. I would reccommend this product.", 'This fork appears very sturdy and strong.  It was purchased for my daughter and she was pleased to receive it - sleek lines !  I would recommend it!', 'Good build. Does not easily bend.', "Good quality from OXO that you've come to expect. The slight curve on the tongs helps grip the food and avoid running into the blade.", 'Oxo Steel ForkI was looking for a quality fork for lifting heavier meat cuts without having the meat item falling off the fork and I\'ve found the best solution for my needs. With curved prongs and tips notched like fishing hooks, this 13-1/2-inch fork gets a solid grip on roasts, poultry, and big vegetables like baked potatoes. It easily lifts a corned beef, for instance, from pot to carving surface and holds it down firmly for careful slicing. Rather than being straight-sided, this tool\'s handle is tapered from heel to finger grip and has satin-finish, stainless-steel panels top and bottom. The handle\'s sides feature the same design as those in the Good Grips line, which are made of soft processed rubber for comfort, with "fins," or grooves, that flex under pressure, conforming to individual finger grips and providing control when the handles are wet or slippery.Some of the product features are:* Use to skewer and lift roasts, poultry, and vegetables* Use also with knife as carving tool* Tapered handle with soft, nonslip sides* Safe to use in dishwasher* Comes with a lifetime warranty against defects* The steel construction will not bend easily when in use.The tapered handle with the soft non-slip sides is great feature if you have a smaller hands, as you can control the fork much easier.  The barbed tips prevent slipping of the meat or vegetables. Use the OXO Steel Fork to retrieve and secure hot foods, or for hands-free serving. Both elegant and comfortable, the OXO Steel line of kitchen and household tools feature brushed stainless steel handles for strength and durability and trademark flexible fins for ultimate comfort. I use the OXO Steel Fork for piercing potatoes, transferring a pot roast from pan to platter, and securing meat during slicing, great for transferring a turkey on Thanksgiving Day or that Christmas ham for carving.  Also, those sweet potatoes can be handled far easier with this fork than any other that I\'ve used in the past due to the barbed fish hook tips. Once you have your sweet potato where you want it then with a simple pressure from a pot holder or your knife, your potato is removed from the forkIt seems that the uses for this fork are as many as your imagination can come up with and it doesn\'t fail.  It is very well-constructed not too heavy, but very versitile and handy in your hand.  I enjoy the dishwasher safe as there are times that I generate many different pots and pans and items that I can get a head start on by popping them into the dishwasher.I loved this fork so much I bought a second one just to help out with the holiday cooking and not only I, but whomever is cooking with me, can enjoy the same convenience, stability, and gripping power. Also, I use both forks for the bigger, bulkier meat cuts with confidence.  The fork is long enough that when you fry chicken in the skillet you don\'t get the oil splatter on your hands and forearm.This is an item that you\'ll want in your kitchen for the reason I\'ve described.  The fork is a bit more expensive, but the quality of this fork makes up the difference.  I use it to get items off of the BBQ grill surface without fail.  This is a very useful item.An epicurean Bon Appetite', "I like the whole SteeL series of utensils and this pork fits nicely with the bunch. It's comfortable to hold, easy to clean in the dish washer and does its job quietly and without fuss just like the rest of the tools in the series. Can't go wrong.", "The fork does what it should; firmly holds the item being sliced.  It looks good, handles nicely and I'm very pleased with the solid feel.  I've only one warning for multitaskers - don't leave the fork standing in the roast you were slicing and walk away to do something else.  The fork and roast will be on the floor in a jiffy.  Though nicely balanced, the handle is long and weighty.  This is reasonably priced and a good choice for secure slicing.", 'I was surprised to find that these carving forks are impossible to find for sale on their own.  I have a carving knife I love but wanted the fork, but the only ones for sale locally were sold as a set with a carving knife.This is a good carving fork, and holds roasts securely.  As everyone has mentioned, dishwasher safe is a big plus.', 'I really like this fork.  Very stylish & works great.  My husband used it for BQ.', "You can use this thing to turn any type of meat! It works on roasts, steaks, chicken, anything! It's sturdy enough to turn a 5lb roast in crockpot or dutch oven if you want!Next up, see how it does roasting marshmallows!", 'This product is for anyone who likes to cook. it has a big handle (perfect of my hand). The only thing is that the skewer fork is a little smaller than I expected.', 'Like the majority of Oxo products, this one is sleek, nice in the hand (good weight heft), and works as expected.  We own a lot of Oxo products and this one does not disappoint.  Works great!', "This may well be the perfect fork. I like the OXO series of cutlery, and this is no exception. This fork is very well balanced and has a wonderful handle that is secure and resists slippage.The fork itself is made of stainless steel, and is dishwasher safe; a huge benefit not found on some high end cutlery today. The handle is in line with the other contemporary OXO utensils, with a stainless handle for superior durability and strength, but with rubberized fins on the sides to provide you with excellent grip, which is especially important on a fork of this size that can be counted upon to lift things like heavy roasts, etc. Another excellent feature is the barbed tines, which help prevent heavy items from falling from the fork during lifting.There may be a greater fork somewhere, but I haven't found it yet. For all your forking needs, this gets a big thumbs up!", "I purchased the fork, slotted spoon, ladle and 3 serving spoons and love all of them.  OXO makes great products.  I haven't found anything I don't like.", "It feels great, it stabs great, it looks great.  I like OXO products a lot, but this one has missed the mark a bit.  The handle is very comfortable to hold; very large and chunky, with rubber grips.  The tines are nice and sharp, and a good length.  The weight is good, it feels sturdy.But the problem with it is where the handle joins the stem (if that is the correct word).  This is a 2-part fork, and the main problem is that the stem is quite thin.  I'm not sure how far the stem extends into the handle, but I have noticed it bending during use, and I'm already noticing a bit of rust at the joint, and I'm very worried that one day soon it is just going to break off.  I think when it does break (not if, it is definitely going to break) I will be looking for a sturdier replacement.  I would have given it 3 stars, but it hasn't broken yet so it still gets the benefit of the doubt.  Who knows, perhaps the stem really does extend all the way through the handle, and if it does then it may last 10 years before giving up the ghost.", 'Very strong one piece fork. Another top quality kitchen utensil from OXO. Very attractive Stainless Steel design. Great cooking aid.', "I would highly recommend this large skewer fork for anyone who is in the market for one. I love the barbed ends and the comfortable handle. Don't hesitate you will not be disappointed.", 'Oxo has another winner.  Handle is great and non-slip. Well made and has provided taste soup, stew and chili from the kettle to bowl with charm and good looks.', 'Very good, nice,large and heavy ladle. Good quality, this should last a lifetime. The only negative is the handle somehow feels too big or chunky in my hand. But it works...', "This is the first of several OXO SteeL utinsels I ordered, and I'm very eager to receive the rest of them too. It's with great pleasure that my old mismatched tools will be sent to live at Good Will.", "I've been rating all the SteeL utensils 5 stars as they work nice, feel substantial and comfortable and give me the impression they'll be around my kitchen for a long time. This ladle fits in with the rest of the tools I picked up.", 'Nice and heavy', "Ok, cmon now.  It's a ladle and works well.  I own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line.  They all perform their function well and with style.  And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle/fins.", "It's very sturdy and great overall. It has a good handle weight, but the spoon is very big. Just be aware.", "I bought the ladle, sloted spoon and 3 serving spoons and they are all great.  OXO have great products and I haven't found anything they make that I haven't liked.", 'This is a nice ladle. The bowl of it is shallow but wider than some many of the ladles out there. Good quality construction and the handle is really nice. I just wish it was an inch longer so my hands stay a bit further from the heat of a hot pot/stove.', "For the most part, I am very happy with this ladle--construction and quality are very good.  I was surprised, however, by how large the bowl of the ladle is.  Because it is so large, it is difficult to store in a drawer and it takes up a bit of space in the dish washer.  I don't have room on my counter top to have a utensil bin; therefore, it has to be stored in a drawer.", 'I just love this brand. Everything they do never fails me. I have had other pieces for as long as I can remember and they still are in the same shape as I bought them. Great grip and perfect addition to my kitchen collection! :)', 'This little utensil is made of heavy duty stainless steel.  Holds up to heavy ham soup bones.  I love it.  Can not imagine making soup without it.', 'I use this for a lot of purposes around the kitchen. Aside from skimming foamy debris off of meat stocks, this tool comes in handy when extracting dumplings and pasta from boiling water. It also use it when I make fried ravioli, mini egg rolls or any type of small food that is fried or poached. It does a nice job when draining oil or any liquid from food.This tool is a bit of a departure from the OXO tools I normally buy which have easy grip ribbed handles. It is stainless steel, nicely constructed, and has a hole in the handle so I can hang this from my tool rack. It can be washed in my dishwasher and always looks good.Silly reason to like this, but I love the stainless finish and the clean lines and attractive design. It has an ample skimmer with plenty of drain holes that make it functionl and easy to use.', 'I have several Oxo SteeL implements and love them all.  They are very sturdy, wash well, and do their job.  They are the right size for the job and have comfortable handles.  I love this one and all of my Oxo SteeL implements.', 'Unlike a slotted spoon, the holes are just right for skimming soup, picking up foam.  But it also works as a slotted spoon, retrieving  all bits of importance ..', 'OXO, how can you go wrong. This is perfect for many cooking needs... Soups, Making Cheese, and many more ideas. Made of solid construction. This should last for many years to come.', "I typically like OXO products, and I needed a steel spaghetti server, so I thought I'd give this one a try.  However, I was a little disappointed with this particular utensil when I first received it in the mail, as it's fairly light weight.  At any rate, I've already utilized it a few times now, and it seems rugged enough to do the job, plus it cleans up well in the dishwasher.  The jury is still out on this product though, as I want to see how it holds up over time.", 'This pasta spoon is wonderful with the easy grip handle.It allows removing excess water from boiling pasta and for serving on plates.The quality and efficiency are both great.Water is never nice at the bottom of a dish, especially when you add the sauce or condiments.The price is reasonable for this great quality.', 'I got the wholeOXO Good Grips 15-Piece Everyday Kitchen Tool Setand just added the steel spaghetti serve to finish on the set. The quality of OXO is wonderful and I love the way they fill in your hand.', "Does what it's designed for and goes well with my stainless & black kitchen appliances.  I love Oxo good grips tools.", 'This is a good product and OXO has done well by me over the years. This spaghetti strainer is solidly built and feels good in hand. It will likely provide years of good service.', "I love this utensil! It's perfect for the times when I'm lazy and not wanting to drain pasta. This is a great handheld, impromptu strainer; it's a great server overall. Works well with salads too.", "What can you say, it serves spaghetti!  It's stupid to require a certain number of words to explain why a spaghetti server is good.", "Does it's job well just like the other SteeL utensils. Seems sturdy and well built as far as I can tell. I can't imagine any amount of spaghetti bending it.", "I always had plastic ones of these before. They would either accidentally get laid down on a hot surface and melt, or just bend and break from trying to scoop thick heavy stuff. I decided to splurge and just get this, and boy am I glad I did! Scooped out cold spaghetti the other night onto a plate to heat up, and this thing did not even struggle or bend at all, and I wasn't being gentle. The grip is nice too. It's just a high quality kitchen utensil and I highly recommend it for someone who is fed up with the cheap ones. I will never need to buy another one of these again.", 'I lived without one for a few months. My life has improved with this spaghetti server. Design is nice, works fine. Just a little too big for my taste', 'Honestly what can I say.  Its a spaghetti server, it does what it was made to do, has a comfortable handle like most oxo products, and is just the right length for serving up mean pasta dishes.  No problems at all to report thus far, I am happily pleased with it.', "I got a whole set of OXO kitchen utensils. I was a bit disappointed to find these are stamped steel with rough edges. Not rough so much that they would cut you, but rough as in not a nice smooth high quality feel. I'm also not crazy about the handles as they force you to hold the tool in an exact position - I'm used to grabbing the tool maybe closer to the scoop for better balance.But they are okay, and a huge improvement over the plastic crap we had.Note: this is a standard review for all these tools. But I will say the rough edges actually work a little better for this particualr use of grabbing noodles. Hence, it got an extra star.", 'I use often and do love the metal to hold up better than what I had before. The hole in middle helps to get more water away from the pasta.', "I really like this brand and it doesn't disappoint. the weight of the handle is great and the size of the spoon is as well.", 'This is a pretty big Spaghetti Server.  A little too big for my tastes, but I really like it.  It is beautifully crafted out of stainless steel and is nice and solid without feeling too heavy or too light.  A plus... if you are using stainless steel you are also keeping the chemicals from plastics from leaching into your food and you can also not be scared to death to leave the utensil unattended in a pot if you forget.', 'My daughter asked for a metal pasta server. I had not heard of one but I went on the search and found that were in fact quite a few different kinds of them. I decided on this one as I liked the look of it and I picked the right one. My daughter was thrilled with it. She said the handle was one of the better featured on it as it offered insulation from the heat. I am just glad I found the spoon that she wanted and she is very happy with it. I might even be getting one for myself.', "I don't think for the price you can beat any of the Oxo kitchen implements.  They are all so well made.  Will have this for a looooong time.", "I bought this to replace a plastic, old spaghetti server I had. Definitely an upgrade from what I had because it's durable material and easy to use and clean.", 'I am very happy with this product.  It is a well constructed product and I love that it is dishwasher safe.', 'Best way to serve lasagna!  Very sturdy a cuts nicely through 4 layers.  Obviously can be used for other foods, but this is just the right size and the only thing I use for that special dish!', "I have bought this twice. I lost my first one while moving after owning it for about 5 years. I'm about 2 years into my OXO Steel Lasagna Turner #2. I have thought about buying a bunch more in case they ever stop making it. I want to have this in my kitchen my whole life!-It's  wide and can be used to pick-up large things that usually break when you flip them, like fried eggs or pancakes.-Cuts into food really well; a little sharp around the edges.-This is really good for browning meat. It's thin, so I find it keeps the golden brown on my chicken or burgers rather than leaving the good stuff on the pan.A true multi-purpose tool in the kitchen.", 'This is a very sturdy and well balanced turner that is substantial enough to handle a heavy lasagna and still compact enough to be easy to handle.', 'I have loved this product!  It has a comfortable handle and has sturdy construction so there is no fear of thefood being served falling off accidently. Highly recommend for any kitchen!  Also handy for scooping choppedherbs into the pot!', "Sure had not yet been used to &#34;turn lasagne&#34;.  It has turned other foods;  however, it is great to puch thing around in a skillet, to pick ups food from a tray, and to scrape off foods stuck in the pan.It is the very best turner I've ever used.", 'OXO Steel 59891 Lasagna TurnerSuperb quality, good feel.  I would like more stiffness in the "blade" for flattening \'burgers.  It\'s a very good size for general use (a more useful size, I think, than most turners or spatulas).', "really like this turner...i purchased my first one 10 years ago +/-, after the years of using it, the rubber on the handle sides started to peel and break off, so i've replaced it.  I'm now thinking I should buy one or two more to last me my life...why ?? because i really like the size and i use it  for all my pancakes, eggs, burgers etc..and i don't want to change to another style.  beware you too might get attached to this simple thing", 'I love using it just not on non stick pots .seems to be of good quality product IF you looking for a spatula - then get this one. you will love. I saw mine  at a store and then ordered on amazon:)', "Really nice.  Durable.  Built strongly.  Pleasant to use.  I'm very glad that I purchased this.  I use it for a whole host of things including when I need a small spatula.", "Love the size of this, small enough to use in 'most any pan, seems to be able to get under things without the problem of &#34;turning the corner&#34; that I've found with some of the larger ones.  It's not good for larger jobs or grilling, but for most other things it is perfect IMHO.", "I had an old wood handle spatula like this which finally wore out. I searched several brands and chose this due to price and customer reviews. It feels good in my hand and is great for when I'm making a small pizza to take off the pan if the pizza sticks. I also use this to cut and serve my desert bars that I make in my glass baking pans.", "This has become my favorite flipper.  It is small enough to lift out bars and cake from a regular cake pan.  It flips eggs well too if you've got stainless steel pans.", "Has all sorts of uses and good quality typical of OXO.  I initally cringed at some of the prices for their equipment but I've never had a piece break yet so felt justified in purchasing what seems to be another great kitchen utensil.", 'I have been looking to replace a 40-year-old spatula for quite some time.  I wanted a flexible, thin, yet sturdy surface.  This is just what I was looking for.  The blade is thin and flexible, yet holds up under weighty foods.  I am very happy to have found it!', "OXO is tops.  I've many OXO products and add this item to them.  This spatula has a comfortable feel in the hand, easily held, easily used.  The stainless steel strips on the top and bottom of the handle assure that when placing the spatula on the edge of a pan/skillet while cooking, the comfy plastic handle will not melt.  Another insightful engineering addition by OXO.  All in all, I highly recommend this item.", 'I needed a tool for cutting into a tray of lasagna & found this one. I bought two - one for my daughter, one for me. This is one of my favorite kitchen tools. It has a nice thin edge that is plenty sharp for cutting into a tray of lasagna, but not sharp enough to cut your fingers. It is well made & very sturdy. I highly recommend this tool to anyone who needs to cut into a tray of food.', 'I just love it.It works the way I wanted it to and picks up all that needs to be picked up. Thanks so much.', 'I actually use this to serve sheet cake most of the time. It works great and is rigid enough that you can slide it right under the cake. It works well for scraping up heavier meal items in a flat bottom pan too. No rust after a lot of use and dishwasher time.', 'I was using a knive and a cake turner (those triangle shaped ones) and upgrading to this was a great decision.  Now serving lasagna is easy from the very first piece', 'This spatula is the perfect size.  I love the big handles, easy to grab and hold on to if your hands are wet or greasy.  I bought this for a cast iron skillet.  It ended up being the my favorite spatula.  I use it for everything...hamburgers to hash browns.  When done cooking,  I toss it in the dishwasher and it comes clean with no scrubbing and no fussing.  I have had to cash in on the lifetime warranty before on a different OXO product and OXO was very easy to deal with.  They are a great company that takes good care of their customers.', "This isn't as sturdy as I thought it would be. The handle is already slightly loose. I also think I see a very small rust spot already. I will try another product next time. I hope this helps.", "Very handy and sturdy. Can't use on my teflon pans, but so worth having for brownies, etc. in my stoneware pans!!", 'Like other OXO products, the OXO STEEL LASAGNA TURNER is a high-quality kitchen tool.  It is made of heavy-gauge stainless steel, has a solid, comfortable-to-hold handle, and is built to last a lifetime.  Basically, it is an appropriate serving tool for lasagna, sheet cake, brownies, or anything else that you bake in a single layer in a large, flat baking pan.The lasagna server has smooth (not serrated) edges.  Unlike theOXO SteeL Pie Server, it won\'t double as a portion-cutting tool.  However, it is an excellent wide spatula that is flexible but still stiff and sturdy enough to pick up and serve heavier foods like lasagna. The flat "blade" of the server measures 2-1/4" wide by 4-1/4" long.', 'I use this with my cast iron cookware.  It is of good quality and the handle is a great size in my hands.  The blade has just enough flex to to get under food near the lip of a pan but still stiff enough to be able to press down on something when need be.  It has held up well scraping my griddle clean after use too.', 'I bought this spatula to use with my cast iron pieces and I love it.  I use it almost every day.', 'By mom has one of these stocked in her kitchen and figured I could use one. The hardest part about this product is finding the name &#34;lasagna turner&#34; vs. spatula. The best part about this device is the angle between where you hold it and the surface touching the pan. It makes it easy to flip eggs, turn lasagna, and I love it for cakes and brownies that are so hard to eek out of the pan. The metal is good quality, easy to wash, no complaints here!', "I am a very very VERY picky person when it comes to spatulas.... after moving in with my boyfriend I actually drove back home and got my old spatula from my parents house because the ones he had did not suffice.  This spatula meets all my needs.  I got one for my parents but didn't want to steal too much from them so I decided to buy my own but I have used it for tiramisu serving, lasagna serving (its technical purpose), making omelettes, flipping pancakes, flipping over easy eggs.... it works for literally everything because of its length and width and ease of the shorter handle to maneuver! GET IT!", 'I really like to use this spatula.  It has just the right amount of flexibility and is just about the perfect size.  Just two complaints.  First, it is made in China, so Oxo should pass some of their savings on to us customers.  Second, water can get into the handle, causing corrosion over time.  One of my previous spatulas broke just inside the handle last week, so I am having to replace it.', 'This brand is amazing. I like the weight of the handle and the turner is a great proportional size.It does the job!', "for the job. After 3 hours of preparation and cooking, you hate to see your masterpiece destroyed at the critical moment. This handy little utensil is just right. By the way, it works fine for lots of other tricky dishes, including the always hard-to-handle 6 layered chocolate doberge (N'awlins' std birthday) cake.", 'We use this with our cast iron pan. It feels great to use this and works really well on cast iron. Makes cooking more enjoyable. Have had only five months but expect it will last many years.  Recommend handwashing though.', 'Another well made Oxo item, billed as a lasagna turner but can be used for many chores.', "I have no idea why this is called a lasagna turner.  It is the best  dishwasher-safe (no wood) spatula I have found, and I have searched high and low for something not too &#34;bendy&#34;  I like to be able to scrape burned stuff from my cast iron pans.  I like it that this is really strong.  (Actually one of these did break off after a couple of years' use, but now I see that they have a lifetime guarantee.)", "Like other Oxo stainless steel spatulas, this one is excellent.  It has just a little rubber/silicone to make the grip comfortable.  It's very sturdy stainless steel.  No problems cleaning it in the dishwasher.  Perfect for serving things out of trays (like prepared foods from Costco) or from pyrex or metal pans.  Maybe a little large for serving brownies unless you like really big brownies.", "I like the shape, the way it handles, the size, and even the cost. I use it for lasagna and cake and anything I can use it to scoop out things. I don't use it for cooking but that's not what I bought it for. I bought it for serving, so thumbs up for that and its pretty too", "Having owned this item for ?about a year?, it's already got a few rust spots on it. I put it in the dishwasher. Apparently, it doesn't like that. I like the size, especially for lasagna, or a large piece of cake ;), but it is not the first spatula I reach for any more since it rusted. My other spatula that's the same size has a wooden handle, so it's a pain. Sure wish this item was a bit better quality stainless!", "Feels good in your hand. Good grip. It's perfect for grilled cheese. I like to add red onion to grilled cheese and then cut into triagles, this cuts the onions easily without having to saw at the onion.", "I use this with my cast iron cookware and it does a great job keeping the cooking surface smooth and clean as I'm cooking.", 'I bought this and have been using it on an almost daily basis for about 2.5 months. The white and black looks chic, the rubber base helps hold the bowl down so things are not splattering all over the place. The size is enough for a family size batch of pancakes, or for washing a few cups of rice. The plastic is very durable and it does not stain. I have used spices and oils in it, but no stain...the tip of it is perfect for pouring. its a really great and durable product, well worth the price :)', 'I put together a waffle making set for my grandson, who loves waffles and wanted to be able to make them.  This was part of the set.  He loved the gift and his family loves being the recipient of homemade waffles!', "I was reasonably happy with this bowl for the past few months since I bought it.  The sticky base is nice when you're trying to stir something up, and it has nice high sides.  It's a little hard to store, though, because it's so bulky.  The handle is a good idea but kind of hard to hang on to - it would be better with a thumb-hole in it to use while pouring.  It also likes to hold water after a run through the dishwasher, which then dribbles out whenever the bowl is held at an angle.  Speaking of pouring, my latest complaint is that the plastic is too fragile.  My husband managed to chip off half the spout when he was trying to knock the bowl's contents out onto a slightly hard surface.  Disappointing.  So overall, it's decent, but I'm honestly happier with my stainless bowl with the little thumb ring on one side and no pour spout.  The spout on this is so small that it's pretty much irrelevant for anything thick like cake batter anyway.  I don't have to worry about staining the stainless, either.", 'This has it all, the rubberized bottom the spout and easy to clean --- wonderful.  This was not imagined by me ahead of time to be that big.  Just a bit too much.', 'This bowl is terrific for gripping the counter top. I bought one for its spout and handle and discovered it was ideal for my single-handed niece. She can prop it securely on the counter with one arm and mix stiff cookie dough. The high sides reduce slopping and the pouring spout depth helps determine where the mix will go even if the angle is steep.Terrific design!', 'I bought two of these bowls to replace two other bowls that were left behind during a military move. We have no regret for buying these...they are very strong and the feel of the bowls makes you wanna mix the heck out of whatever you are mixing. I use the to make mashed potatoes in...my wife for whatever else needs mixing.And the rubber grip on the bottom helps to prevent sliding on our granite countertops.', "This tidy hat used for bald men in Turkey, has recently been sold in America and it makes a wonderful gift to those who don't have much on the top of their head. Washes easily with soap and butter and can be used to remove termites from hairy dogs also. Can also be used in hundreds of other ways too numerous to mention.", "This tidy hat used for bald men in Turkey, has recently been sold in America and it makes a wonderful gift to those who don't have much on the top of their head. Washes easily with soap and butter and can be used to remove termites from hairy dogs also.  Can also be used in hundreds of other ways too numerous to mention.", "Love it, love it, love it! I didn't buy it until I read every single review and decided I had to try it. High sides make for easy stirring, no slip bottom is AWESOME as I always did the &quot;bowl chase&quot; when trying to stir batters..rubber handle is a plus for grabbing and holding on, spout great for what I purchased it for: pouring batter for pancakes/waffles and easy clean. My husband refuses to mix in any bowl but that one so I constantly have to wash it out to get a turn! Awesome..", "i have steel bowls, ceramic bowls, glass bowls, copper bowls, melamine bowls, pinch bowls, finger bowls...  lots of bowls.  i got these OXOs and now i kept the copper, the ceramic, and my OXOs: 2 5-qt, 1 3-qt, 2 1.5-qt, and 8 1-cup prep bowls (with lids!).  these OXO bowls are workhorses easy to hold and clean.  they are light and quiet (they don't bang on your counter).notes:*not for dishwashers.*clean with soft cloth or sponge if you are trying to keep the surface scratch-free.*like any plastic bowls, metal spoons, beaters, or knives will abraid the surface.if you are in production mode in your kitchen having a few of each of these bowls will make the job easier.  buy them buy the bag.1 cuppers are here:OXO Good Grips 4-Piece Prep Bowl Set with Lids1.5 qt.:Oxo Good Grips 1-1/2-Quart Mixing Bowl3 qt.: (not available on amazon.  boo.)five stars.", "I have the whole set, 5qt., 3qt., and 1 1/2 qt.  Not the color of my choice, but I'm willing to overlook that for all of the great features.  I can continue using my favorite metal fork for mixing all of my kitchen creations and the non-skid base is a really great feature.  I can mix my muffins up and then pour directly into the muffin pan from the pour spout on the bowl.  They've been through the dishwasher a few times already and always come out clean with no stains.  Can't say enough good things about them.  Great purchase!", "This is a nice, large bowl. It is very sturdy and solidly made. This isn't cheap plastic construction.  I like the spout for ease of pouring and the rubber grip as well. I recommend it.", "My old glass bowl was heavy to pull out for everyday use & the smaller one didn't have a lip to pour from.  This one seems to have replaced them both as it is light weight & even for smaller quantities gives lots of room to incorporate ingredients without losing small amounts over the edges due to vigorous mixing.", "This is the one that I bought, to go with the three piece bowlset...well...its the same size as the large one in the 3 pc. set!So, don't do what I did and purchase this one separately, unlessyou need TWO large mixing bowls!  The product is great, NO slipand easy to pour from, really the best bowls I've ever had..asI can actually manage them!", "This is a GREAT bowl to have in my kitchen.  It holds a substantial amount for mixing, won't shuffle all over the counter, and has a great grip to hold onto.  I find more uses for it all the time!", "I don't have any complaints about this product yet, but I've only been using it for the past couple months. It is great for mixing anything. I love the rubber bottom to keep it from sliding. Sometimes I mix things while I walk around the kitchen, or since I'm short, I often put it on my lap to get better leverage, so it's great that this bowl doesn't add much weight. It is great that this is made out of plastic to keep it light-weight and relatively shatter-resistant (vs. glass/ceramic).", 'Okay, let\'s not get too excited over a common mixing bowl, but, this bowl is better than the "standard" glass or metal mixing bowls I used to have. The greatest feature is the rubberized bottom which prevents the bowl from easliy slipping on the counter while mixing. The handle is nice and a pour spout that actually works.Mixing with either metal beaters or soft plastic creates not a scratch on the surface of the bowl. It\'s easy to get every last drop out of the bowl and into the bake pan. Clean up is easy.The only issue I have, and they are really minor ones, is that the same size bowls do not stack very well (the 2 quart will fit nicely into the 4 quart). And the bowls only come in one color, not that I don\'t like white, it is just that sometimes a choice in color makes a nice variety.', "Common problem: Trying to mix whatever with one hand while using the other to help your child or talk on the phone or do another kitchen task.  Common result: Mixing bowl slips and slides (maybe even off the table or counter).Solution: OXO mixing bowls.  The bottom of the bowl is coated with OXO's grippy-stuff.  Therefore the bowl is slip resistant.  It holds ITSELF in place (for most tasks).  For anything requiring brisk stirring or beating you will have to hold onto the easy-to-grip handle.Plus if you have a disability (like I do) your life is made much easier by a bowl that you don't always have to hold onto.This mixing bowl makes life a little easier.", "I've owned one of these for probably the last 3-5 years or so.  It still works fine, and there's nothing particularly bad about it except maybe that it's ugly.  The plastic is easy to scratch as you would expect from plastic, the inside of mine is pretty scratched up.  The rubber parts in this design are fine, but I haven't particularly felt like they enhance the mixing bowl experience.  The size is larger than you might expect just looking at the picture.  I think if I had it to buy over, I'd get a metal one like theAmco 3-Quart Stainless Steel Mixing bowl.", "This bowl is very nice to work with I need to probably think about getting the smaller one also.  It's light weight and makes it easier to pick up with one hand when you need to use the other to scoop with.", "This is my main mixing bowl. If you're familiar with Oxo products, you know how good the quality is and this bowl is no different. I love that it stays put, even when using an electric mixer. The lip is helpful for pouring out batter too. Great bowl!", "This is a very comfortable bowl to use.  Made of sturdy plastic, it is much lighter than glass mixing bowls, which makes it convenient and easy to use. The handle is very ergonomic and comfortable to grip (really good when pouring batter into a pan, for instance), and the shape of the bowl itself is perfect for wrapping an arm around for those heavy duty mixing sessions.  The rubber on the bottom keeps the bowl right where you put it - no sliding.  I use this bowl the most of all my mixing bowls and am looking forward to getting a bigger one just like it. Oh, by the way - it's dishwasher safe, too. I've washed mine over and over and it still looks new.", "If you are going to get just one mixing bowl for your kitchen, just get the OXO.  This company really puts a lot of thought into all it's kitchen tools.This one has a none skid bottom, so it is like having an extra hand.  The bowl is easy to wash, and is a real winner.", 'The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.  On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.  But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.  Frankly, my hands get wet more often than my countertop, so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 4 quart size is just about perfect for most simple cake, muffin or biscuit recipes.You will love this bowl.', "This mixing bowl is all it's advertised to be.  It sticks to counter so it doesn't slide around when you use your hand held mixer in it.  I highly recommend it to anyone needing a mixing bowl that stays put.  Very happy with transaction.", "Perefect mixing bowl and great size. It came in handy for Thanksgiving preparations. You can clean this within seconds. I have previously bought a steel mixing bowl from Oxo in the past but did not like using a metal whisk on steel. This one also has a lip to poor the mixture which I didn't even realize when I purchased it.", 'I think very good for using a hand mixer.  They have the rubber side that you grip, and the substantial rubber-like base that really holds the bowl firmly against the table. IT does not appear to me that the rubber base will separate from the bowl (a good thing). Bowl itself is solid, substantial plastic that appears to be durable quality material.  And the grip is nice, a nice way to hold the bowl while mixing. I expect that you will want all three sizes after purchasing one size.', 'This bowl is great for cooking.  It is stable when mixing and easy to clean.', 'I received one years ago for a wedding present and we loved it so much we bought a second one. I think we may purchase at least 2 more, since my hubby cooks so much and we are always washing the two we have. I love these bowls!!', "I have the 3 qt bowl, and I LOVE it.  I love it so much I ordered the 5 quart bowl for when I bake in bigger batches.But honestly, I still reach for the 3 qt bowl, and rarely use the 5 qt.  My issue with the 5 qt is the shape.  The sides are shorter than the 3 qt, so there is a lot more splashing and spilliage, especially if you're using a mixer.  If  were the same shape as the 3 qt but bigger, I'd love it.  But because of the shape (it basically has a very flat bottom with short sides, while the 3 qt is a true bowl shape with a rounded bottom), I hardly use it.", "I was fixing to do some mixing in my kitchen one day.  I grabbed this bowl, tossed in some ingredients and went to town.  I mixed for days and days without ceasing...why?  Its not becuase I'm a crazed lunatic who likes to do the man dance on the rooftop...no...its because this bowl was magical.  It made me sing while I mixed.  I sang songs of mixing.  Sweet, tender yet robust songs.  I'll make an album of my mixing songs.  Look for me on TV soon.  Mixing and singing.", "This bowl has been with me through pastries, salads, guacamole, and mashed potatoes, and everything between. There's nothing really special about it other than the non-slip lining on the bottom of the bowl that does come in handy on slick surfaces. Lip is convenient, too.My only real qualm is that it doesn't repel oils very well. Sometimes I'll toss something in olive oil or use a butter-heavy receipt in baking and the oil just sticks to the walls of the bowl. With most of my other bowls, some metallic some plastic, I simply rinse and it's ready for a new food.", 'Item shipped super fast. This bowl is of great quality and serves the purpose for which I bought it.I only wish they offered even a larger bowl, but this one is still great.', "This bowl is great! I bought two bowls in this series, and I use them for everything. It (they) are so much more useful than any other incarnation of a bowl that has passed my way, that I can't understand why someone didn't come up with the idea years ago. You will like this product.", "A ton of baking goes on in our household and this bowl is a HUGE hit. The day in came in our door I have heard nothing but positive things about it.What we like:-They don't call it &#34;Good Grip&#34; for nothin! When you mix by hand or with a hand mixer, the bowl DOESN'T MOVE! Best feature by far.-Pouring spout makes emptying liquid ingredients very easy.-Cleaning this bowl is a breeze. I swear there is a coating that makes even dried on messes come right off. No scrubbing.-Very good looking and fit well with our kitchen decor.The only annoying thing about these bowls is that they are not dishwasher safe. Not that big of a deal especially since they clean so well, but still if I had to give a critique it would be that.If you do a lot of baking OXO Good Grips are perfect.", "Oxo Good Grips 5-quart Mixing BowlThis one of my most versitile bowls as I use it a lot in the course of cooking.  This is a marinating bowl as well. It is the right size for larger pieces of meat of a larger quantity.  You can cover the meat with the marinating liquid and store in the refrigerator over night and you are ready to go the next day. The 5-quart bowl is ideal for doubling recipes or mixing larger quantities. The Mixing Bowl features a non-slip wrap-around base that prevents skidding, even when the bowl is tilted. A comfortable, non-slip handle gives you a firm grasp for easy whisking and stirring. The wide lip and spout makes pouring neat and clean. Oxo Good Grips Bowls are dishwasher safe.Some of the features are:* Soft, comfortable non-slip handle* Non-slip bottom stabilizes Bowl while mixing* Wide lip and spout make ingredients pour more easily* Dishwasher safe* 5-quart size ideal for doubling recipes and mixing larger quantitiesI even use this bowl for storage of leftovers as it will not tip over in the refrigerator either.  I use a plastic wrap or foil to cover the dish and it stores the leftovers well.  Mixing batters is this bowl is a breeze as well there is enough room to get your hand mixer into every nook and cranny and get the air out of a liquid batter, or if you are dry mixing you can blend a good rub for the BBQ and the bowl is versitile enough to use on the shelf next to the grill as you rub the meat in preparation for a good slow cook.The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use. I found that in a pinch they survive light use in the microwave, and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo's stainless bowls. The bowls are also very easy to clean.  I use this bowl for just about anything I do in the kitchen, for making cookie, cake, brownie dough and making cabbage rolls this bowl is indispensable. This bowl is the right size for any yeast dough as it gives it plenty of breathing room for it to raise.  I'm very pleased with this bowl.An epicurean Bon Appetite", 'I purchased 3 of these bowls, two as a gift to a MD patient that has control and weight issues. Its as if this system was designed for those with disabilities and the rest of us get to enjoy the benefits too.', 'If only it came with a lid!  Like the prep bowls do.OXO Good Grips 4-Piece Prep Bowl Set with Lids', 'Nice size and easy to hold on to. OXO is a very brand. Good quality. I will order more bowls.', "This has worked out perfectly for making waffles.  I have to make a double recipe, so the size comes in handy.  I was somewhat uneasy at first about the round bottom, but this has been no problem at all; the bowl isn't the least bit unsteady, even when I have the ladle in it for spooning the batter into the waffle maker.  It cleans up in the dishwasher just fine also.  Alternatively, I use this bowl for making jello, and then is when I really appreciate the pour spout.", 'I use this to mix everything.  The rubber bottom keeps it from traveling all over the place and the pouring spout keeps the batter where you aim it.', 'This bowl is well made, easy to clean, and stays put while you mix with one hand. It has multiple uses, and a must have in any kitchen.  I ordered another set to keep on hand.', 'I have the big one at home and I am buying another one to use up here in the "country". It isn\'t just a mixing bowl either-I rise dough in it (yes, I use it for my sourdough too, plastic, if cared for properly, will not annoy your sourdough sponge.) and I mix in it as well.It doesn\'t make escape attempts during preps, it doesn\'t hang on to smells, it isn\'t a temperamental, angry bowl with preferences and druthers. Now, about plastic bowls; you shouldn\'t put them in the dishwasher or you\'ll spoil the surface, you shouldn\'t chop nuts in them or you\'ll leave places for germs to grow, and keep tomato sauce away from them or they will take on a color you won\'t like.To conclude I am ordering another one right now and I think this is a great product at a more than fair price. Just take decent care of it and you\'ll have it forever. OXO is a winner with me!', "These are the best mixing bowls I have ever had.  They don't slide around. Nice to handle. I have made tomato base products in mine and they have never stained.  They wash up like a dream.Forget stainless and glass bowls, these are the absolute best in mixing bowls.", 'Wonderful mixing bowl. It is very light weight. Using the handle it is easy to lift with one hand. The shape lets you easily hold it to mix. Easy to get all the contents out -- much easier to scrape down the sides that with a traditional bowl. Highly recommed its use!', 'Ilive the grip, pouring spout, size and how it is made.  I am not sure that I care for how heavy it is...it makes it tiring to hold as you are trying to carefully pour baking ingredients carefully from this bowl.', 'I was concerned that this bowl would move on the surface when I mixed my stiff cookie batter.  Works great.  Fabulous size for double batches.', 'What is there to say about a huge mixing bowl with a rubber bottom (to prevent sliding) and a rubber handle (to prevent slippage)and being durable enough to ride in the dishwasher?Nothing.Buy this bowl. It is inexpensively indispensable.', "couple of gripes:1. a metal whisk scratches the plastic (I use a metal whisk for every baking task except measuring, separating eggs and kneading).2. relatively shallow, so more to clean up afterward.  also, if I put my arm around the bowl, the ingredients spill.good points:it's big.  it's a good value (for the size). it's relatively lightweight, but sturdy. rubberized bits are helpful.conclusion:I'll use it for tossing/sifting ingredients, or holding larger quantities. won't use it for actual batter/dough making.", "I'm impressed and had a heck of a time keeping my kids from stealing it from me on their last visit....They can order their own. I got 2 different ones.", 'I have a Tupperware bowl that is ancient and worn that is the oerfect bowl for mixing anything and everything.  It is no longer available.  I always keep an eye out for a replacement.  One day at work a close friend was complaining her favorite bowl was about to bite the dust.  I bought two of these one for her and one for me. NOT sorry!  Almost same size and shape but actually improved with non skid bottom and side grip. Pour spout is another bonus. Two happy cooks.', "This bowl has a nice weight to it, doesn't slide around on the counter, and has a soft comfortable grip.  Great bowl.", 'I have this bowl and the smaller one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher without any problems.', "Like the companion 5qt (and 3qt if we could find one in stock LOL), this is an excellent bowl to have.  The non-skid base and handle really make this product special.  It pours nicely - it's actually perfect for mixing up a batch of waffle or pancake mix and pouring directly onto the griddle.We do a lot of cooking and have an extremely well-stocked kitchen including a set of glass pyrex bowls in varying sizes and a set of stainless bowls in varying sizes.  More and more, we find ourselves reaching for these Oxo bowls to meet our mixing needs.With plastic, using a hand mixer or immersion blender is always iffy.  Thus far, these have held up very well to the wear of the beaters.  We're very anxious to obtain the 3qt size and are so impressed with the quality, we may just buy the 5qt/3qt/1.5qt set so we can have each size, and having double of the largest and smallest will NOT be a waste.  Great purchase!", 'The bowl does just what they claim - it stays put while I am using it.  Good product.', "OXO's five-quart mixing bowl is an excellent product and an excellent value. I have a lot of OXO products and have been very pleased with the utility, durability, and affordability of them all. This bowl is no exception: it is very large and holds most anything you could want it to in a home kitchen; it has a built in pouring spout, which really comes in handy, and is ergonomically shaped for ease of use.My favorite feature of the bowl is the non-skid surface on the bottom (and handle) of the bowl. It sits on the counter and has absolutely no inclination to move or tip over during any kind of reasonably expected preparation method, including vigorous beating or stirring. The bowl is not microwave safe, and being plastic, may not be ideal for some uses at high temperatures. The bowl is a bargain, is lightweight, and has lots of handy features. I like it so much I'm going to get the three-quart bowl too, as the five-quart bowl is larger than I need for many applications.", "As with any OXO product, it is difficult to grasp the outstanding effort put into anything OXO produces.  Ask almost anyone who uses a kitchen on a regular basis, the most ubiquitous name in their culinary area is OXO.  Of course, there's good reason for that.  OXO means reliability, design excellence, and VALUE.  It's that simple.  So, it is no surprise that this OXO Good Grips 5-Quart Mixing Bowl is by far the finest available on the market today, at ANY price.  The care OXO takes in design is obvious and the materials involved are superior in every way.  Most of all, the engineers at OXO put themselves in the minds of the cook, even captures the soul of the master chef, and directs manufacturing be completed according to the most exacting standards imaginable.  The results are truly sublime.  The engineering designs seem to be given heart by those involved at the plant and they share in OXO's demand for excellence and customer satisfaction.  This amounts to more than simple pride in their job.  It is a community spirit that fills the entire OXO mission with a zeal unmatched in the industry.  OXO strives to be the very best, of course, but there is an awareness of how lives are touched through their products as well.  Thus, the OXO Good Grips 5-Quart Mixing Bowl will not only be an invaluable addition to your kitchen but will also enhance your home and life.  That is OXO.  And  that is what you purchase with anything in the OXO Good Grips line of products.  The OXO Good Grips 5-Quart Mixing Bowl is certainly no exception and you can rest assured of your complete satisfaction - it's OXO!", 'This mixing bowl is a good size for most any task. Its easy to use and clean up is easy. Great Quality.', 'This mixing bowl has a good grip on the side perfect for whipping ingredients and is extremely sturdy. It also cleans very well and is durable.', "I've owned and used several sizes of these bowls for the past two years. The ergonomic design with the rubber grip makes these especially easy to use. I'm probably not supposed to stick them in the microwave, but I do, and this gives this set a distinct advantage over Oxo's stainless bowls. The bowls are also very easy to clean. Truth be told, they are just about as good as a mixing bowl can be unless you need something which also comes with a lid and can be used for refrigerator storage.", "Nice large mixing bowl and it really grips the counter.  I prefer stainless steel but haven't found one with the gripper bottom yet.", "These bowls are an extraordinary value - I did a double-take when I saw the price.  You'd pay twice as much for another name brand bowl that doesn't have all the features this one does.I own both the 2-Quart and 4-Quart bowls. I'm wondering what I ever did without them, because I use one of them almost every day.I really like the fact that they're so deep, which greatly reduces spilling and spattering. And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom. You can use a hand mixer and you don't even have to hold onto the bowl! It doesn't move around AT ALL!I really love the spout too. The 4-quart bowl has just become my new &quot;making strawberry freezer jam&quot; bowl and I was delighted to be able to pour the jam into the containers without the mess I've dealt with for the past 20 years or so! It's also a great bowl to use for pancake batter - I use the smaller one for pancakes. Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep, they don't take up tons of room in the fridge. For storage, just cover it with one of those Saran Wrap &quot;shower cap&quot; like tops and you're all set.As another reviewer mentioned, this is also the ideal bowl for popcorn or munchies. I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl! You'll love them!", 'The rubberized bottom and well designed handle and pouring spout, make mixing a breeze!', "OXO makes really nice equipment and I find myself wishing more of my kitchen of my gear was made by them.  I was in need of some new mixing bowls, having a leftover plastic bowl from my mom since college and a very heavy porcelain one.I found this bowl very light to hold in the arm for whisking or stirring.  The no-skid bottom is absolutely fantastic and keeps the bowl put for heavy stirring or using a hand mixer.  The plastic itself is very sturdy and I haven't had any issues in the dishwasher with it.  Top all of that off with the easy pour spout and horizontal handle for pouring (making stacking a cinch) and you have a near perfect bowl.I can't imagine too much making this bowl better.  Get it, it's worth the price for sure.", "This is a deep bowl that is lightweight, yet sturdy.  And, the black rubber base prevents it from slipping while one is mixing.  The handle is a nice touch, too, when emptying the bowl.  It's a wonderful addition to my kitchen.", "I wouldn't have thought I could mix cake batter with a wire whip or hand mixer without holding the bowl, but this one stays in place that well. The wide lip gives good grip for pouring, and it cleans easily. The variety of sizes covers all my needs.My only gripe is that they didn't make a cover for it. If there was an airtight cover, shaped to fit, I'd buy it and throw out all my other mixing bowls.", "Not quite.  My only real quibble is that I'd have preferred another color.  Not just because I like blue or red or yellow, but because white stains so easily.  [Edited to add:  After quite a few months worth of use I can now say that this bowl even resists staining by tomato sauce.  Yup, that most potent of staining agents seems to hold no power over this white plastic.  Color me seriously impressed, and for that, I award the fifth star!]However, I can't fault the bowl for usefulness.  In fact, I originally bought it for a friend, decided that I liked it too much to give away, and bought something else for her.  It's good and deep so you can mix a lot in it before it starts to spill over.  The non-slip bottom really doesn't slip.  In fact I forget sometimes and try to push it away only to have it stick stubbornly to wherever I've set it.  The handle - what a great idea for a mixing bowl! - also has a non-slip grip for use with wet, oily or floury hands.  And the pour spout is an inspired addition.  This bowl is practically perfect.  If you have room for only one mixing bowl in your kitchen, this one will do you.", "I suffer from a weakness in my hands, which makes gripping and holding most bowls steady very difficult for me - usually I have to use both hands, which makes mixing ingredients a real problem.  This product is perfect for me.  The rubber bottom holds the bowl nicely in place for me (so I can hold it steady with one hand and mix with the other) and it's wonderfully large so that even if I do tip it a little, the contents do not spill all over the place.", "I bought the 4 quart first and loved it but it was too large for some things so ordered this one and just adore it. It's the perfect size to mix my little salads in, pancake batter, meat loaf..you name it and it fits..the small things. Love the non-slip bottom, the handle, the pouring spout, the high sides..everything about it and nothing but praise here. 5 Stars all the way :)", 'I purchased both this 2 quart bowl and the 4 quart bowl.  I really enjoy cooking with these bowls.  They are an improvement over the standard glass or metal bowls that I use to have.  The rubberized bottom is the best feature, you can actually run the mixer with one hand and not have the bowl move all over the counter top.  The handle has a nice feel to it and the spout actually works without the dribble.I really like these bowls, except the same size bowls do not stack very well.  Not a big issue, I have enough storage space, but it would be nice to have a stacking feature.  Also, another color other than white would be nice.  Even with these two small issues, I will purchase more of these bowls for myself and as house warming presents.', 'The non-stick bottom and handle to this bowl make mixing so much easier.  On my countertop, and water makes the bowl slip.  But the gripping bottom on this bowl resists slipping, making mixing easier.Unlike some other bowls, this one also has a non-stick handle.  Frankly, my hands get wet more often than my countertop, so the non-stick handle may turn out to be more helpful than the base.The 2 quart size is just about perfect for mixing simple sauces or marinades.Remember, this bowl is just about unbreakable too!You will love this bowl.', "Easy to use, stores nicely, cleans easily, pours reliably... what more could you ask?  Best I've ever owned.", 'I bought both the two and the four quart bowls. My stainless steel bowls now gather dust. The OXO design department should sweep the international awards for design excellence anyway, but these bowls are over the top. They are by far the most useful bowls I have ever encountered. The clever handle, and rubberized non slip bottoms add enormous utility to the age old bowl. I just hope OXO expands the line with even larger sizes.', "I bought this for my wife a few months ago - ... as my wife had said she was looking for a mixing bowl, and she liked Oxo products anyway.She loves it - it's a great mixing bowl, doesn't slide around, good grips, and as I said in the title..  It makes a great bowl for popcorn when you're watching a movie or other TV fare.Can't go wrong here!", 'I have been married over 38 years and I have NEVER had a bowl like this one.  I use it and the 4 qt for EVERYTHING.  I just love them both.The rubber sides and bottom are a wonderful idea.  And the handle is the best idea ever. If you have not tried one of these bowls, you must!', 'I have this bowl and the larger one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher without any problems.', "I own both the 2-Quart and 4-Quart bowls.  I'm wondering what I ever did without them, because I use one of them almost every day.I really like the fact that they're so deep, which greatly reduces spilling and spattering.  And of course the best feature is the rubberized bottom.  You can use a hand mixer and you don't even have to hold onto the bowl!  It doesn't move around AT ALL!I really love the spout too.  The 4-quart bowl has just become my new &quot;making strawberry freezer jam&quot; bowl and I was delighted to be able to pour the jam into the containers without the mess I've dealt with for the past 20 years or so!  It's also a great bowl to use for pancake batter - I use the smaller one for pancakes.  Just pour the batter right onto the griddle.Because the bowls are deep, they don't take up tons of room in the fridge.  For storage, just cover it with one of those Saran Wrap &quot;shower cap&quot; like tops and you're all set.As another reviewer mentioned, this is also the ideal bowl for popcorn or munchies.  I think that every kitchen should definitely have both sizes of this wonderful bowl!  You'll love them!", 'The rubberized bottom and comfortable handle on this bowl make it a pleasure to use.  It is light in weight and easy to clean.', "I was personally smitten by the tea way of life during a two year stint in Britain in the mid 1980s, and love to have my morning cup while I get ready for work. Recently I decided to replace the long-suffering kettle I had with something shiny and new, based on the remodeling of the kitchen and the fact that the old one was getting a little ragged around the edges. My interst was piqued by this model, for it combines good looks with a lot of basic fnctionality, something the average Brit would appreciate. This then, would be a good choice.That much said, this kettle has a lot of quality built into it. The &quot;Uplift teakettle&quot; really does the job well; the spout opens when the nonslip, heat-resistant handle is lifted, which serves to keeping your fingers and hands safely out of range from potential burns. It has a removable lid, which is wide enough to be able to empty and fill easily. It aslo facilitates regular cleaning. It has a 2-quart capacity, and is ergonomically designed to fit one's palm comfortably. The handles are slip-proof--wet or dry--as well as dishwasher-safe. All i all, this is a great tea kettle, and one I am sure will meet your needs for years to come.", "This is one of the best little tea kettles you'll ever find:  it looks great, sounds great, and functions quickly and effectively.  The nice even bottom surface ensures rapid boiling, and even at its hottest, the kettle is both simple and safe to use thanks to the unique &quot;uplift&quot; handle design.  Also, I have to smile every time I hear the kettle's whistle:  it's such a sweet little hum that starts out low and gradually gets louder (but never screeches).  Finally, the kettle is so attractive that I leave it sitting on my stovetop all of the time; an occasional application of Windex cleans it up beautifully.  Highly recommended for tea lovers!", 'Old Review, gave it a 1 Star:Not sure how old the one I bought since it was from a garage sale, but it is in very good condition. Either way, the handle gets extremely hot and I couldn\'t use without an oven glove. I should have asked the owners why they were selling, it didn\'t occur to me.New Review:I contacted OXO and told them of my issue. They got back to me the next morning stating the following:"As long as the kettle is being heated on a medium heat or flame only, then the handle should not be getting that hot.  Also, for a gas stove, you will want to make sure the kettle is centered over the flame, and that the flames are not licking up the sides of the kettle."I did what they say and the handle does get warm but that\'s about it, it is easily manageable.On a side note, there was some rust on the water spout opening closure, but that came off by scrubbing it, so no prob there.As of now this kettle gets a 5 stars.', "I'm not sure if one of the previous reviewers has an older version of this kettle, or what, but I've had NONE of those problems addressed. I have the red enameled version, and have had it for about a month. It gets used 2-4 times a day, every day. The whistle works well - loud enough to be heard, but not obnoxious. The lid fits well, and I haven't had any problems with steam sneaking out, nor have I had a problem with the spout dripping. I compared this with several other products before buying, including kettles by Calphalon and All Clad, and have found this to be the best. I like the handle, both because I don't need a potholder to lift it, and because it's a one-handed operation. When you lift the handle, the cap on the spout flips open. Mine is enameled inside and out, so no need to worry about pitting over time (I looked at the stainless steel version - not enameled inside). It's easy to fill, and heats up relatively fast. Plus the red is just plain cool looking on the stove - Snazzy! I would buy this again, and would reccommend this product to others.Adendum: Okay, I've gone through two of these things since I wrote the first review. The first one had a plastic lid, which broke within a few months. I called Oxo, and they sent a replacement kettle, and had wonderful customer service. The 2nd we liked very much, but it was involved in a VERY minor stove fire. This caused the enamel to flake off and seriously discolored the kettle. We replaced it with another Oxo model, only because hubby was not crazy about the mechanics of it. When full, the spout would tend to open from the weight of the water while transferring from sink to stove. Some of the newer Oxo models have corrected that problem. Might want to check those out.", 'After years of owning 2 versions of this kettle, I am finally writing a review. When OXO first came out with this kettle, I was blown away by its design. Whoever designed this kettle deserves some kind of industrial design award. It is so efficient, simple, elegant, and easy to use, you would think it was designed by Apple. "Just lift the handle and pour." - This kind of simplicity must have been very difficult to engineer.I bought my first OXO kettle when it first came out. I had it for years without any problems whatsoever. I did not have problems with the whistle nor did I have problems with rusting. It was perfect.Unfortunately, I was smitten with the premium "cork" version that came out a few years ago and I dumped my first kettle for the newer, sleeker version. Boy, it was beautiful BUT boy, I made a mistake.I had it for 6 months and this OXO Good Grips kettle started rusting inside. My mom bought the black handled version and her kettle rusted too. I too am having problems with the whistle.I should\'ve kept my first kettle. I am sure that when OXO first came out with these kettles that they used 18/10 stainless steel. Not any more. OXO must be using poor, lower grade steel to save costs and raise profits. OXO would disagree with me. Fine. My response to this is: Why do so many of us have rusted out kettles? Check these reviews OXO and fix the problem.In the end this OXO kettle is one product I would gladly pay more money for if I knew that the quality was uncompromised; if the highest grade of stainless steel were used and the whistle were engineered so that it functioned without flaw. Boiling water is a simple, every day task. I don\'t want to have to think about it and I don\'t want to have to think about my kettle. This OXO kettle is so close yet so far.', "Lifting this teakettle by the handle opens the pour spout.  No button to press or gadget to fiddle with to open the spout.  Actually the angle you hold the pot at determines whethere the spout will open or not. It will always be open when in the &quot;pour&quot; position.  In the more &quot;level&quot; carrying position just a tilt of the angle will change it from closed to open.  It may sound kind of strange or uncontrollable, but it is very easy to manage.It's made of sturdy stainless steel.  It looks nice, though very sleek and modern compared to all those &quot;cute&quot; teakettles out there. Plus it has an additional larger opening for cleaning!  (You cant get inside most other teakettles.)One thing that you may not like about this teakettle:  The &quot;whistle&quot; is a lower tone than traditional kettles, actually, it's more of a hum. Some people find it annoying.  I personally think the sound is more &quot;musical&quot; than the older whistling types.  (I find that old-style whistle far more annoying than the pleasant hum of my OXO).If you are the type of person that wants everything as fast as possible, then there is one other negative .  You cant put this kettle on high heat due to the rubber handle.  I find it only takes a minute or two longer to bring it to heat, but if you are the harried sort who wants things pronto, this might annoy you.I am disabled and have very limited use of my hands, but I have no problem using this product.  Actually I use it with great ease.  Until now, I have been able to use NO other teakettle.  All the other teakettles I have seen (and tried) require more dexterity than I have.  (I am a C5/6 incomplete quadriplegic, if you need to know).  Also, my mother has arthritis in her hands and this product is much easier for her to use than her old standby.For me it's a practically perfect product.", 'I was looking for a simple, functional, kind of old school looking kettle, and this is it!!whistle is loud, spout opening is easy to lift, and the lid is easily removed to fill with water.I LOVE IT!', 'The plastic handle for the lid melted when I used the kettle over medium high heat on the electric stove. This thing looks nice and the uplift is cool, but melting plastic? What kind of junk design is that?! Did they not test this thing out before selling it?', "Sequence of events that led to this review:1. I exchanged the first Oxo kettle I bought because the lid (not the spout) did not fit right, and the steam escaping from the top burned my hand.2. I returned the 2nd kettle because the lid was so tight I had to have my husband open it or fill it through the spout. (This made cleaning it impossible.)3. The 3rd kettle was returned beacuse it had flaws in the finish and would eventually turn into rust spots.I gave up and expressed my disappointment to Oxo about this kettle, They were kind enough to send one to me. This kettle was great -- at first; but, after awhile, the handle loosened up and, yes, steam began to escape.  It now sits atop my refrigerator looking down on my ten-dollar kettle that has lasted me for years.Save your money.  It's a great concept but short-lived.", 'OXO products provide long lasting quality and fine styling.  Individuals can be confident when purchasing OXO products concerning the fine grade and value.', "I got 2 of these off of my bridal registry 7 years ago.  I only wish that I kept the duplicate handy because my whistle has finally blown!  Literally.  I guess I should feel lucky that mine lasted longer than the other reviews.  Initially, I was in love w/this kettle for its simplicity and functional design purpose.  I didn't want anything fancy with some crazy expensive design.  It just worked.The screw at the handle/spout was loose, so I tried tightening that thinking it was the problem.  I boiled a water/vinegar mixture to clean it, and even unscrewed the whistle part to see if something was clogging it.  Nothing worked.  Then, I read the reviews here and it says that if you boil the water for too long, something messes with the seal.  What is too long?  It is hot water we're talking about.  10 seconds?  15?Now, the kettle and I are in its 7 year itch and divorce is in our future.  I even contacted OXO customer service through their website email, and NO ONE has responded. It has been over a week. All I asked them is if the whistle could be repaired, and is it possible to purchase another part for it.  No reply, and I'll take it as a 'no'.  Customer service is VERY important people.  Companies should understand this or else they end up here...on Amazon reviews.  Thank goodness for Amazon reviews.  If I had known what I know now, I probably wouldn't have put this on my bridal registry.  Since OXO is sold at reputable department stores, you would think their customer service would be better. Off to read reviews for another brand....", "I've used the OXO Good Grips teakettle for about 10 years.  Although they sometimes have problems (the lid on one separated into parts), it generally is an easy-to-use, good quality kettle.  It will discolor if you heat it up without water or let the water boil out of it, so caution is necessary.  The whistle is loud and you'll always hear it (sounds like a train whistle).", "This inexpensive set is generally useful around the stove. Holds up to heat and is easy to clean. Can't comment re. durability.", "I really enjoy OXO products. For the price, you really can't beat 'em. This is a pretty nice spatula, but not the best that I've owned. The edges are a little thick and beveled, so you don't get a reeeaally clean scrape on a curved bowl. But, it does the job for the most part!", 'Great for my baking and kitchen needs, mixing and scraping. They are durable, sturdy and heat proof.  A great value.', 'We love this spatula, does exactly what it should and cleans up beautifully. Seems to be very well made, as well.', "I have most of the popular OXO products, but for some reason these didn't work out for me, they snapped and broke in half (the white one) and the Green one (mini) the top slipped off and fell into the disposal and got chewed up.I still have the purple one, I would not buy it again, possibly next time I will go for solid 1 piece model or I should glue the top part myself using silicon glue.", 'Silicone and heat get along great.  I like these colorful tools for cooking with higher temps than most plastic utensils can take.', 'These spatulas are very sturdy.  I love them.  The colors are cool and fun and they work great.  I am a very big Oxo fan.  I have heavy spatulas that are restaurant quality and I like these better.  The sizes are convenient to work with, not huge and awkward.', "My spouse is in culinary school, so we go through a lot of different kitchen implements.  When it comes to spatulas, this is our mutual favorite.  Due to the placement of the spine of the spatula, it is very sturdy - much studier than spatulas which place the spine at the edge of the spatula.  Although we've since bought extras, our first one -  purchased back in 2006 - is still going strong.  It's not stained or warped or otherwise damaged.", 'The original spatulas with the wooden handles are far superior. I use them only because I have bought them but when I need to scrape clean my baking bowl, I go back to my old wooden spatula with the rubber top.', 'These are great for a wide variety of cooking and baking needs. They are easy to clean with the detachable heads and they can stand up to the head of my cast iron pots as well. I love these, they are a great investment!', "This was a shower gift for someone else.  I hope they liked it.  Maybe I'll get them to write a review for it.  I know one thing - I could probably have gotten this at my local Target without paying an exorbitant amount for shipping.  Way to go, Amazon.", 'I liked these, so I purchased a couple of them. But after about 6 months or so, the bottom half of the two-piece handles came unglued, first one, than the other, rendering them useless. I tried to find a way to glue them, but the handle is ridged inside with large hollow spaces, so I couldn\'t come up with an effective repair. Also, I didn\'t like that the handles trapped dirt and water, which would slowly leak out. The blade, which is removable (for cleaning) is too stiff and inflexible and rather thick, so it does not scrape cleanly. It is too stiff and cut very rounded on the end, not very spoon-shaped, so does not seem to fit the corners and rounded places in bowls very well.  Because it is removable, it will sometimes fall off during use. I would have preferred a more squared-off spoon blade.  It is good for cooking, as the silicone won\'t scratch a non-stick pan and it is stiff/large enough to stir effectively, but it\'s hard to scrape the bottom of pans, since it\'s so rounded. The handle is comfortable, but very bulky, taking up much more room in the drawer than a flat one. The spatula is slightly over 12", end to end, so may not fit in some drawers. I would not buy again. I hope this helps.', "All the Oxo stuff I've bought has worked fine. This has been no exception. I have a bunch of their spatulas and they get lots of use.", "Good price on set of 3. Bought them for son's girlfriend and she loved them. Good brand name. Would buy again.", "This spoon spatula is the first utensil I reach for when I'm cooking--no matter what I'm cooking. I have this in red and white. I actually think the white has become a little stained, the red hasn't. I have had no problem with the handle bending or breaking, and I like the fact that it doesn't move around in my hand. I can get around the entire bowl in one stroke. It really stays with the form of the bowl or pan.", 'Contrary to a few other poster comments, I think the flexibility of these spatulas is perfect and the contour is perfect for scraping the sides of my pan.  Not sure what what kind of food other reviewers are trying to flip or stir, but I have flipped 12oz steaks with these no problem.', "This set of spatulas is an excellent replacement for my 20-year-old Rubbermaid wood handled model that had gotten rock hard over the years.  These are just soft enough to get everything out of a mixing bowl or jar, but firm enough to fold batter or stir thick sauces.  My only reason for not giving them five stars is that the heads are not permanently attached to the handles - they can be pulled off.  I hope that over time they don't get loose.", 'GOOD TO HAVE DIFFERENT SIZES IN YOU KITCHEN.  LIKE THE LONG HANDLE AND DIFFERENT SIZES&#8230;WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO OTHERS.GREAT SPATULAS..', "This is my third Oxo Good Grips spatula, and I love them all.A good handle with a good grip makes a huge difference in a spatula (who would've thought?).Love that it can handle hot temperatures.Love the perfect balance of rigidity and flexibility in the spatula part; so many utensil makers don't pay attention to that!Finally, love the choice of color combos; definitely makes gift giving more colorful and fun!", "I bought one of these and a regular red Oxo spatula, and I've found that I really don't need any others. I think I would reccommend the red over the white, just because you don't need to put any thought into which one to grab for the spaghetti sauce. I've left these in a hot pot of alfredo sauce for half an hour (OOps!) and it came out completely unscathed. Also love that nice grippy handle. Buy one regular red and one spoon shaped red Oxo spatula, and you won't need to buy any others!", "This is much smaller than I expected, but it comes in handy.  It's a welcome addition to my spatula arsenal, but you would not want this as your only spatula.  The handle is comfortable (as are all Oxo's) and it goes into the dishwasher.", 'Great price on this 3-piece set.  Rubber grip handles fit nicely in hand.  Nice quality and wash up good in dishwasher.', 'From its appearance the product looked very sturdy, and the various colors will no doubt add color to her kitchen.  It arrived earlier than expected which was just in time for the shower.', "I had a OXO Silicone spatula that I use day in and day out. When it finally started to chip a little bit (from a lot of abuse), I decided to buy a set which replaces the one I have and gives me two more to play with.The little green one is perfect for smaller containers like yogurt containers, measuring cups, food processor, etc. The red one that is symmetrical is perfect for cooking on the stove top. The white one was to replace my old spatula. I use it mostly while I bake, scraping off my mixing bowl and such. It is not as soft and pliable as my previous one, even though they look completely identical, so I don't like it as much. But I love the other two, and this set has a good variety.", "Love this set...handy for sooo many uses. Blades are flexible but with enough resistance they don't just bend over in the bottom of a jar or can. And, you can cook with them without fear of a &#34;melt-down&#34;! OXO keeps my kitchen functioning at top level...and keeps me a happy camper so everyone else is happy too!", "I used it's BIG brother for years and thought I was buying the big one again. It was my mistake...it's really tiny. It works as good as it's big brother but on a much smaller scale...LOL. It is, like big brother, truly heat resistant. I use it to turn thngs I'm frying all the time with no problems. I highly recommend both the tiny one here and it's BIG brother...", 'This is a very versital spatula.  I bought the spatula for the handle.  The flexible rubber fins on the steel handle create a very comfortable feel and will NOT transport heat up the handle. The oversized grips create a very &quot;ergonomic&quot; feel and fits my hands without having to tightly grip the handle.The spoon head is very flexible and yet sturdy.  It can be used to stir the stiffist pancake mix and yet still clean the side of the bowl smooth.  It can also go from normal room temperatures to stirring the soup, sauce or chili without fear of the blade melting or leaving &quot;that plastic taste&quot; in the pot.A great product with flexible uses and a staple in my kitchen.', "I like any tool that keeps me from having to make another tool dirty.  I can use this to mix what I'm going to cook and then use it to stir it as I cook it.I commonly use my food processor to chop vegetables or herbs.  Then I use this spatula (or the similar one with the straight blade) to scrape everything out of the food processor bowl.  Then I use the same spatula to stir the ingredients in the skillet or pan.  I have accidentally left this spatula in a kettle of stew for over 5 minutes.  Other plastic spatulas would have melted (I know from experience).  The OXO was not affected.The spoon shape and larger-than-normal size of this spatula make it excellent for folding beaten egg whites.As with (almost) all OXO tools I love the grippy handles and ergonomic feel.", 'I do like these, variation in size and shape is handy. They are comfortable in the hand and have performed the tash just fine.I have discovered that if I put them in the dishwasher they get a white cloudy film on the silicone - so hand washing is needed in our household - not a huge deal since there are plenty of other items to handwash.', "Real quality products. Will last forever, no more cheap spatula's for me. I wish I had found them sooner.I would use these as a gift, they are that nice!", 'I bought this set because they are heat resistant and I have some new EVAco/Cast pans I will be using them with.', 'These are solid, nicely made spatulas.  Have gone through the dishwasher multiple times and are used for anything from cake batter to tomato sauce to stir fry--still looking like new.', "I bought this to get over the limit for free shipping. I'm sure glad I did. We use it all  the time. It works great for stuff like getting all the mustard out of the jar, or cleaning out a small plastic container. It also works better than a regular dinner knife for spreading anything from mayo. to mustard, peanut butter or butter.Buy one. You will use it for sure.", "This is much sturdier than the chefn dual end spatula that broke on me.Is this frugal? yes because this is my only spatula and it won't scratch my food processor bowlWould I have purchased this used at a cheaper price off of craigslist?  noDid I shop around for the best total price including the manufacturer's website?  yes and so should you", 'I use this tool all the time for small jobs. The head comes off for easy cleaning, but I have never had a problem with it popping off during use like some of the cheaper spatulas I have used. I highly recommend this.', 'I use it to take loaf out of bread machine, the green one got deep scratches. others are still fine', "This summer I bought several Rubbermaid silicone spatulas & silicone spoon spatulas. I was disappointed they didn't have the half-spatulas, (jar scrapers, spreaders) in silicone. I recently added a variety of silicone spreaders and spatulas to a larger order of other items, (free shipping on all).I can't say enough about silicone utensils - great for cooking, great for scraping and clean up easily. I soak my silverware before they go into the dishwasher. I added a second large yogurt container of soapy water for the silicone and rubber spatulas, etc.Unless the food is oily, (mayo) or sticky, (peanut butter), I just rinse with hot water after a short soak.Each type has it's own specific use, so one of each, at least, two if you can afford it. If you have to pick just one, get a jar scraper. If budget is two, add a spoon spatula.In the long run, they will pay for themselves: silicone makes it possible to get 99.9% of food from a container. I have some brand-new rubber spatulas, it's hard to get a container or bowl as clean. The silicone glides, the rubber jerks across the surface.I like the OXO handle, but the two piece design is a draw-back. I imagine gunk will get inside the blade, just like always. (if one piece design, would get 5 of 5)", 'Love the handles and the sizes.  We have multiple sizes from OXO including this one and they all clean well and I especially like that the ends come off to clean.  Would highly recommend!!', 'I have used this spatula for over a month now and like the fact I can take the blade off and wash it; once dry put back together.  I feel confident I am working with a sanitary tool.', 'Highly heat resistant, flexible enough without being too flexible, overall a great spatula, and my go-to utensil for a lot of jobs.', 'I have several of the OXO spatulas and love how all of them perform.  They have become my favorite type and hold up well over time.  The handles make them very comfortable to use too.', 'NOt the cheapo stuff you get at the discount stores. These worked really well and were great quality! Get them for your kitchen!', 'have used the OXO good grips small silicone spatula mainly to get foods out of narrower jars or containers; it really does the job and has good grips on the handle', 'Excellent Oxo Good Grips Spatulae.  That last syllable is unfortunately about all the Latin I can recall after 4 years in high school ending with my graduation fifty one years agol', "This is a great little spatula. I like to use it for scrambled eggs. It is sturdy and handles high heat very well. I have left it in the pan for a minute or so before and the material doesn't melt.", 'I am very happy with this spatula set. And for an OXO item - I feel they are very reasonably priced (at $12). I do wish the green spatula were a little bit smaller for getting into nooks and crannies, but I can find one elsewhere.', 'I love Oxo products.  Overall, Oxo products are great quality.  Last forever.  These silicone spatulas are excellent quality and do a great job.  Yes, I highly recommend this purchase to anyone.', "I have four of these, because I can't tolerate any other brand. The handle stays cool, the construction is solid, and the colors are spunky.", "I have always liked Oxo brand products.  They fit the hand well and are good quality for the price.  C'mon....It's a spatula and I like to cook;  I can't say much more than that!", 'The ultimate spatula. I have ordered several in this series, but this is the first that I have used. It is great. Even for non coated pots/pans, this utensil can get down to the fire and come out like new. A very impressive tool. It follows the contour of your pan without trying to scrape through to the burner, and makes it to the dishwasher unscathed. There are a few things that a steel spatula are needed for, but this gem will handle the rest of the tasks, while keeping all of your cookware looking like new.', 'Love the three size set in different colors.  Love the Oxo grip.  So far, the silicone has not detached itself from the handle which has been typical of other brands purchased.', 'To my pleasant surprise, the white spatula has not discolored after many uses (including with tomato sauce).  I use at least on of these every day and they continue to work as they did the day I got them (a few months ago).', "Oxo Good Grips 3-piece Silicone Spatula SetOh how I love this set of spatulas.  I use them for all kinds of cooking situations, from meatloaf, cake batter, pancakes and waffles, to different dough recipes.  They work well and they fit into your hand like they were made for it, without slipping, even when your hands are wet. Ergonomically designed to fit the palm comfortably and softly, the pressure-absorbing soft grip handles put less tension on the hands, while providing an outstanding grip.The features are:* Spatula heads heat resistant up to 600 degrees* Will not discolor, warp or melt* Non-slip handles* Safe for coated or non-stick cookware* Dishwasher safeThey are great when you want to get the last of the macaroni and cheese from the dish or stubborn lasagna from the edges of the pan, even while it is still hot. The spoon spatula makes a great tool for stirring and scraping, even tasting. The heads do NOT melt when exposed to the hot food.  Most of the newer pots and pans come with a non-stick coating and these spatulas work extremely well as they do NOT scratch the coatings.  Cake batters don't stand a chance of sticking to the sides of the batter bowl, as you can pretty much clean them out with the spatula before washing.  Washing this set of spatulas is a breeze, they come clean with a gentle washing or you can pop them into the dishwasher.You should be well pleased with this set of spatulas as they are superior in design and work as intended.An epicurean Bon Appetite", 'Well made spatulas and very easy to handle for these old hands. The handles are true non-slip. Handles are very strong.', "Handles are nice and firm, compared to others that I've have bought", "I can't complain about this product. Everything that I have ever gotten from oxo is great quality and design. One great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning.", "My husband is the cook in our house and he tells me what he needs in the kitchen.  I like the old fashion wooden spoons when I make him cookies, etc. but these are exactly what he needs for everyday cooking.  So glad they are heat resistant up to 500 degrees, don't have to worry about throwing them in the dishwasher. I could get used to these real fast!  Good Value! thanks", "This spatula is the first I ever owned made of silicone. It is marvelous for stirring hot food that tends to stick to the bottom of a pan. You don't have to worry about it melting. The tomato-red color is lovely, too, and the black handle very attractive.This makes a great Christmas, housewarming, or wedding shower gift!", 'I bought this thinking it would be better than all the cheap supermarket spoon/spatulas.  It is worse - the head is not sealed to the handle and batter / food / grease / whatever gets in the slot where the head and handle connect and is impossible to get out - soaking, dishwasher on heat boost - nothing works.  Also, 400 deg limit is iffy when using on the stove - 600 deg limit is much better.  Mine curled a bit when used on the stove, but since it had a permanent reservoir of filth, I tossed it anyway.  Better to splurge on the ones from Pampered Chef.', "Pros:-Surprisingly affordable. I can't believe the money I've wasted on cheap spatulas that crack and break when I could have been using these.-Very comfortable to hold.-Heat resistant and dishwasher safe.Cons:-They take up too much space in my cooking utensil jar/container because the handles are so big. However, I wouldn't trade comfort for smaller handles. Guess I'll just need to get a bigger jar or find a new place to put these :)Depends on your preference:-They are quite stiff. I actually like that about them. I've used spatulas that were so floppy they would fold in on themselves when they ran into something thick (peanut butter jar, anyone?) and I don't have that problem with these.", "I've bought several spatulas over the past 18 months trying to replace all of my old rubber ones which deteriorate with use.  I couldn't find any small ones locally though, which I really need for scraping the sides and bottoms of various jars and small bowls.  Since I have other Oxo products and love them, I thought I would try these.  All I can say is that I love them!  I bought two, one blueberry and this tomato one, and will be buying others soon.  They wash beautifully in the dishwasher and haven't picked up odors as rubber ones sometimes did.", 'OXO has provided a very nice product at a fair price one again.I buy more and more OXO products, at first I thought that they were expensive yet when you get these spatulas you will appreciate them as I do. When I bought them I thought what would I use the Spoon Shaped one for, Magenta colored one.I use it more then the other two, which is why I bought the set. I find that the graduated size is quite useful.', 'These are great spatulas.  I loved getting the three different sizes all in one set.  They have been a great addition to my kitchen.', "I was looking for a very small spatula - more in the 6 - 8 inch long size - and couldn't find anything, so decided to try this one with it's smaller size head and it works fine. You can scoop out the last bit of yougurt in the container, get the last of the soup from the can or clean out the saucepan. Wish this company would make one about half the length with a smaller head as that is a very useful size for so many things. However, this will do until then. Cleans just fine and the color choices are good, got the Vanilla and the Red one.", "These are much better spatulas than what I'm used to and work very well on the stovetop with non-stick cookware.  They seem to fare better when hand washed though as the dishwashing soap seems to leave a film.  I like the sizes in this set.  I still prefer a flat edged wooden spoon for some stovetop applications like scraping cooked bits from the bottom of a pan.", 'I like the OXO Good Grips products.  This spatula set gives you three useful tools at a reasonable price.  Easy to clean, and the colored heads make them easy to find.', 'These are nice spatulas&#8230; easy to clean and well made.  I like the different sizes and the colors are pretty in my utensil crock on the counter.', 'The spatulas are firm enough to mix thick batter but soft enough to conform to the shape of the bowl to get those last bits out.  Good product and satisfied with my purchase.', 'As always, Oxo makes great kitchen tools.  This smaller spatula works well for smaller batches.  Also great as a jar scraper for smaller jars like peanut butter, jelly, etc.', "Love the oxo spoon spatulas and have several of the. They work great, don't break and clean easily in the dishwasher.", "This is perfect for getting everything out of a can (like cream of mushroom/chicken soups).  I've used mine so much it's getting pretty worn but I've had it for 3 and a half years and I use it about every other day. It's fabulous.", 'Not just for bowls of cake batter, these heat-resistant spatulas can be used to stir scrambled eggs in a teflon skillet or stir a pot of beans.  The small one can be used to get the residual mayonnaise (or peanut butter, or jam, or whatever) out of almost-empty jars.  They are flexible without being floppy, durable without being too stiff.  I highly recommend them as an essential utensil for any kitchen.', "My daughter and I each bought one of these spatula's last year, so I am buying her another one for this Christmas!  Great buy.", 'Nice.  Fits all different needs.  My favorite is the raspberry scoop type.  Treat yourself a little.  Life is too short for shabby spatulas! LOL ;)', 'Another great OXO product, the are very well made and super functional. The can take a high heat no problem and are easy to clean.', 'These are a great set.  they are easy to use.  Flexible enough.  Work great.  Dishwasher safe.  I have several sets', "I have had one of these for years and just ordered another one. I like that the silicone bends a bit but not too much. The the spatular is curved so it scraps bowls well. It does what a spatula should do. Why other ones don't have this simple design is strange.", "You know how most spatulas are, even the expensive ones. They eventually chip, peel, discolor or are too stiff or too soft.  I didn't think I'd find anything better than my Rubbermaid but I did. I love this spatula. The size is perfect too. It takes the heat!", 'These are my favorite Spatula set that I bought from amazon. They are nice and sturdy at the tips, the red one is the one I use the most.', 'I needed a new spatula to use in the kitchen.  I found that this size is very good and it works well.', "Durable product with good design and ergonomic features. Firm ergonomic handle allowing for good dexterity and leverage. I also like the handle is a rubber then it transition into a hard matte plastic, you should be able to see this in the photo. I like the matte finish of the OXO plastic, it doesn't look cheap and withstands scratches and chips. From my experience other companies that use a gloss finish, their products seem to attract scratches leaving them to look expired before they really are. I like my things, even my kitchen utensils, to look nice. My only one complaint is that the plastic will melt, even if left touching for a short length of time something hot, like a hot pot or baking sheet. I would think that they industry would have solved that issue by now. These are dish washer safe, they won't melt in the dishwasher and they clean up easy.From my experience OXO makes the best products for the price.Buy OXO you won't be disappointed.", 'Got these for my husband for Christmas--the old Rubbermaids were wearing out.  This are really nice and I like the sizes and shapes', 'I have a couple of the regular sized spatulas and three of the small ones. I use the smaller ones so often I have worn a couple out. They may eventually crack but this depends a great deal on how you use them. I am certain I had hit the bread machine paddle a few times while scraping dough from the sides of the pan with the kneading in motion. Scraping food off the blades of a food processor will chip and chew the silicone up. The one thing that takes these out of commission is forgetting the white piece is soaking in a dish in the sink when it is emptied down the drain. I lost one in the garbage disposal as a result. I like to keep at least three around so I always have them. The smaller size is good for making sandwiches, spreading jelly, mixing anything in a smaller bowl, they are resistant to heat so you can stir food, especially sauces and gravies, in non-stick cookware, I scramble eggs using them, etc. I often use 2-3 at a time. They are very useful tools and they feel very good in your hand. This is one of the most often used tools in the kitchen.', 'I really liked this spatula, the Tomato color made it easy to find in my kitchen utensil drawer.  It was a sturdy scraper for getting all the thick sticky cookie dough out of bowls, and I liked the feel of the handle in my hand.  I said "was", as after a year of frequent use the spatula head came off.  I couldn\'t use it after that, the spatula tip just wouldn\'t stay on, so it went to Kitchen Utensil heaven. *cries*Perhaps it\'s because I washed it in the dishwasher?  It\'s possible, but I really want a spatula that can be put in the dishwasher.  It would seem I\'m not the only one this has happened to, so OXO Good Grips needs to use space glue to make sure those spatula heads don\'t come off.', "These wash very well in the dishwasher and look brand new after cleanings - no stains left on the silicon. The wider end of the handle makes for better griping, too.OXO is the best around. I have all their products; some, I don't even know what they're used for, really - but I'm addicted because the products last for decades.", 'I had been using an iSi slim spatula to get everything out of the cat food cans but the sharp edges around the rim of the cans was badly damaging the iSi spatula head.  The iSi spatula heads are a lot longer than the head on these OXO small spatulas.  These are working out better for removing the food.  I am finding the small head useful for a lot of other kitchen tasks.  The raspberry and black color is quite beautiful.', 'Fast service. Excellent instruments. Purchased 2 different Oxo silicone spatulas to fill-out my already burgeoning collection. Nothing works like an Oxo.', 'I really like these tools. They are sized well and I like the colours. The tops are removable to clean well. OXO tools are pretty all I buy now.', "These are the best spatulas ever! The tops don't fall off! The little green one is great,especially in a peanut butter jar. I like the pink one for baking and mixing the ingredients. i use them for everything in the kitchen.", "This spatula is comfortable to use.  The only negative was that it was smaller than I thought it would be. It's bigger than the narrow jar ones but not as big as a standard sized spatula. The handle is a little short but comfortable to hold. I wasn't sure exactly what I was getting when I ordered it but I kept it because it works.", "These spatulas have a nice feel to them. They're flexible, not brittle in the least. You can scrape the side of your stainless steel bowls without worrying about scratches. The handles are comfortable and long enough. The smallest spatula has been very useful. I didn't think I'd even need it but it comes in handy for reaching in those little jars!", "Purchased these as part of my wife's Christmas.  She loves them...they work very well for the things she uses them for.", "I can't tell that these work any better than a set of cheap ones from Walmart. I wouldn't purchase again.", "Nice set of spatulas for different uses.  OXO is a reputable brand, Amazon's price beat any retail price and I am not worried about continued disintegration of cheaper &#34;rubber&#34; products.", "silicone rules in the kitchen--these are heat resistant, just as predicted, and made a great replacement set for a couple of spatulas i managed to ruin simply by leaving them in the pot.  i learned a lesson!  but i'll stick with these--highly recommended", 'I love oxo products.  Only kitchen spatula I will purchase.  Always works and easy to clean.  Have had many spatula jsut brake or crack on me.  Have only broken one handle on this oxo model.', "at first I thought this was a bit pricey, but, it's so sturdy & comfortable in your hand........ absolutely love it!", 'I really like these I bake a lot and my other spatulas gave out and these are wonderful id recommend them to anyone who bakes', "great spatulas so far; they haven't melted & go through the dishwasher fine. I love all the widths & are good quality", 'We love these OXO spatulas, especially this size. It is very handy for clearing the last goodness out of peanut butter jars, for instance. It is also heat resistant. Ours have lasted for years. The only thing that caused us to buy a new one was that the old one got caught in a blender &#8230;Highly recommended!', "I've been using these for nearly 2 months now. I bought them because even though I had some that I loved from Williams Sonoma, they had wood handles that could not go into the dishwasher and that warped. My sister even caught one on fire by leaving it too close to the flame on the gas stove. After years of being the only one who will hand wash them, I finally sought out dishwasher safe silicone spatulas. These work great, I really have no big complaints. I just have my old williams sonoma spatulas to compare them too, and those were more flexible and overall a better silicone for cooking. These are flexible (the white and green ones, not the scoop pink/red one), just not as much as I'd like. The handles are comfortable, but a bit fat for storing in an upright container on the counter and because of the rubber, they all come flying out when you want just one. The pink/red one is always spotty when it comes out of the dishwasher, but again, it doesn't hurt anything. I was just hoping to be wowed by these due to the brand and reviews, and to me they're just fine.", 'These silicone spatulas are great not only for baking, but I use them for cooking as well. The are firm, sturdy, and scrapes the sides of the baking bowls really good and clean. They are easy to clean and diswasher safe.', 'I like that oxo is finally making some of their products in different colors. This spatula is a nice size for mixing, and scraping smaller amounts. The handle is comfortable,and the scraper head is a smooth silicone so it is very easy to clean.', 'I wish I had made this purchase long ago.  All the other spatulas in the house are now in the trash.  (even the Pampered Chef one)', 'I like the way to handle feels in my hand, as the handle is rounded and substantial.  I use these for most of my jobs in the kitchen.  It stands up to heat, it is sturdy, it scrapes a bowl clean, is very easy to wash.  I purchase these for gifts for family members, I like them that much.', 'I use these for cooking. Great for scrambles eggs and gravy.  My daughter stole the red one and is holding it ransom for a whole set of her own. Christmas I think.', "This size spatula is great for getting the last bit out of jars or out of a yogurt cup or something like that. This particular spatula has a solid handle and the white part is not too stiff or too soft to do its job. I've only had it a few days, but so far, so good. It made it through the dishwasher on the sanitary cycle okay, too.", 'best spatulas I ever had. strong and effective. good handles,sturdy.oxo good grips is the way to go on all things kitchen.', 'Great simple spatulas made to OXO quality standards.  Silicone ends can be removed from the handles for washing.  These match all my other OXO gear nicely!', 'These spatulas are well designed, comfortable to hold and are great tools to have in the kitchen. Another great product from OXO.', 'Reasonably priced, arrived on time and in one piece. I was concerned that these or any others would be flimsy and cheaply built. Boy, was I wrong. Very Nice, Very Well Built and Very Sturdy. Oh yeah, they work great too!', 'I purchased a few of these for myself and friends. From the day I got my spoon spatula it was my favorite kitchen tool, especially since I could use it when making sauces or frying onions and veggies. One day when making a non-meat tomato sauce the handle simply broke off leaving the handle in my hand and the spatula in the pot. I wrote to OXO about this twice in the last 2 months with no reply and this is most frustrating to me. Anyway, I am now using a KitchenAid product which feels much more sturdy and KitchenAid responds to e-mails IMMEDIATELY.', "I've purchased at-least four other brands of spatula's all made of different materials and this set of three silicone spatula's from Oxo is the best I've found. Sharp flexible edges for easy scraping and smooth body for less waste and easy cleaning. The large handles are great and fit my hand for easy use. I highly recommend them and are a good value for good quality kitchen tools.", 'I like this spatula I do, but if you are working with dough it is useless. The spatula end is detachable--which I recommend when washing because bits of food can get stuck in the seam and inside the spatula tip. I use it all the time.However with doughy mixes it is useless and I go back to the old wooden one. The spatula tip just comes off and gets stuck in dough. If it was one solid mold with no chance of detaching I would give it five stars.', "Works very well.  A premium grade spatula. I expected something a little larger, but this serves it's purpose well.  I have purchased other OXO products and they are all of excellent quality.", 'Sturdy construction for a decent price.  Contours well with my stainless steel bowls, clearing contents from the side with little effort.  Happy with the product overall.', 'These are sturdy and does the job.  Good Price, Fast shipping.  I would buy these again for gifts.  The sizes are perfect for all types of cooking.', "After the spatula I purchased from WalMart broke (snapped while trying to stir cookie dough), I was in the market for a new spatula. As always, I first turn to Amazon to see what's out there. I saw these, they got great reviews, and bought them. I love them. They are strong, easy to hold, and clean up easily.  They are strong without being brittle. They are easy to grip and hold on to.  I've had them for a couple of months (I bought them at the same time as the Good Grips Mixing Bowl set, and they are a winning combination!  It'd recommend these to anyone.", 'You may not know it yet, but you really do need these. A good variety, these silicone spatulas are fantastically useful . . . stirring, scooping, mixing . . . easy on the hands with well-sized handles, and different sized heads, they fit a wide range of uses.', 'When I first purchased this set of spatulas I thought them heavy and somewhat imbalanced. However, after much use I adjusted to their &#34;feel&#34; in my hand while using and am very pleased with their functionality.', "The heads of the spatulae (plural for spatula?) are very &#34;grippy&#34; - and they don't come off the handles, which is important to me.  Once grime gets down inside there, it doesn't come out - which is gross.As is the case with pretty much all of OXO's kitchen products, these aren't the cheapest spatulae available, but they're probably among the best for everyday use.  I will buy more.", "I have several Oxo spatulas - they don't warp, bend, peel, discolor or melt - even if used to stir things in a hot pan.  So far, none of them have broken, and I have had several of them for a few years.  Great quality.", 'Good shapes and sizes, comfortable in your hand. Only one concern is how these will stand the test of time. The handles are not as sturdy as they look, but so far, so good.', "I love my little bright blue spatula.  It hasn't hardened from being put in the dish washer.  I find it really rather comfortable to hold.  It's also the perfect size to stick in a small jar or can to get the last of the contents out.Update:  After six years of use, I had to bid my spatula goodbye, because the handle starting slowly disintegrating, leaving black behind on my hands.", "I would definitely recommend these spatulas - they work quite well! I tried a few other brands of spatulas, and then found these, and I'm quite pleased.", "I sent these to my daughter - seems she hadn't a single spatula (shock!).  Anyway.....I checked reviews and for the price this was a well received set.  My daughter loves them.Recommended.", 'Great size options and are really great quality. The color are also really fun and liven up the kitchen a little bit.', "I use these with almost all my pan cooking! I didn't realize they could withstand that kind of heat! love these!! Silicon DOES come off of the handle.", "I bought this to replace the exact same spatula that I already had.  I accidentally got mine nasty one day and couldn't use it for food anymore.  It is the most awesome spatula I have ever used and I LOVE being able to use it in my cast iron and not have to worry about it melting!!", 'Oxo is a company that seems to know how to make a good product. Their things are good quality with always ease of use and they last forever which is why I do not hesitate to pay a little more for any Oxo product. I have yet to replace anything from them.', "I moved out on my own for the first time and was missing a bunch of utensils since my roommates always had them.  Out of this set, the only spatula I've used in the pink one.  It works alright, easy to clean.  But if I had to do it again, I wouldn't buy the set since I haven't use the other two.", "Spatulas are good. I seem to use a lot when I bake so will order another set. I have put these in dishwaser by accident and seemed okay. But don't think I would keep that up.", "Another great purchase from OXO. This set had the 3 types/sizes I was looking for. I like how the handle can be pulled off for cleaning but doesn't come off when using it. I have also used this in pots and pans (to scrape sauces out, not while cooking) and haven't had a problem with melting.", 'These are a great all around tool for the kithen, from use in your nonstick pan to frosting the cake you cant go wrong with this set.', "I love OXO, and have a number of their spatulas and spoonulas.  I'd never seen this small one in stores - maybe I wasn't looking very hard.  It occurred to me that I needed one at this size - to get into smaller jars.  It works great, and I realize how much I was missing something like it in my kitchen arsenal.  It's size makes it easier to maneuver on spreading tasks, where its bigger brother isn't as nimble.  I wish it were cheaper, but the quality and utility make up for it.", "Can't ask for more when you have style & function coming together.  Very durable, too! I'd totally buy these again.", "Works as advertised. Feels good in the hand. Doesn't break down when washing them a few times. I recommend them.", 'This is the perfect starter set for home cooks. Silicon flexible and wont get caught in the beaters of your mixer.  I use the small one mostly but used the large item for transferring stew to serving dish.  Easy to clean and can take high heat so no burning.', 'This is a great kitchen tool...  didnt know how helpful it would be until i got it.  That it isnt metal and is heat safe to 400 degrees is wonderful!  (there are some rated to higher temps, but for me this one has worked out great)It is comfortable to use and easy to clean.  Even when i have left it in a pan of scambled eggs and not cleaned it or a good while, i dont have to soak it to get any remaining *residue* off..I have found the one with one rounded and one straight edge a bit better for *scraping* the sides of pans and bowls but that might just be apersonal preference as i have both.  if i only had one i think i would get this one because it is better for mixing and almost as good for stirring hot pots.a great value for the price.', "I really haven't found many OXO brand items that I don't like. This is no exception. These are good quality. They're very functional. They wash up beautifully in the dishwasher, and the various sizes make one of them good to use for Every situation I've encountered.", "These work very well. I read somewhere that the silicone was very stiff, but when I received them they weren't at all! If anything, the white one isn't as stiff as I'd like it to be.Overall, good buy! I use them all the time!", "I haven't used these yet but they a good quality.  I never put my spatula's in the dishwasher and always hand wash so I am sure they will hold up well.  The sizes are good and close to comparison in photo.  I would recommend them.", 'This came in a package of three items.  The pastry brush, pastry cutter, and the pastry dough cutter.They have comfy handles and are a great addition to your kitchen.', 'This scraper/slicer for pastry items is ideal with a very rigid blade and comfortable grip. But I wonder how long the stainless steel blade will remain so since it is another Chinese attempt at making a quality item. For some reason they just cannot seem to get it right.', "Ok, well that is exaggerating a bit but I loving having this board scraper around. I used to scrape up veggies on my chefs knife to transfer to the skillet but the blade is never wide enough to just make it with one trip and then there is the sharp edge to worry about. This board scraper is great because the edge is slightly sharp, but not really enough to worry about and the blade is wide enough to get nearly all of the veggies to the pan in one pass. The handle is made of a rubberized type material and is still easy to grip even if your hands are wet. One minor complaint is that the handle is on both sides so you can't smash a garlic clove anywhere on your cutting board, but it really isn't much of a problem since I've gotten used to just smashing the clove near the front edge where I can just have the handle hanging off the edge of the cutting board.", "The grip is durable and the construction is solid -- all you need for this tool!OXO's products tend to be better than most of the competition; this is no exception.", 'handy tool', 'This is a great scraper chopper. It is very well made and has held up well to some serious use over the past couple of months.', "I purchased this to use for a culinary class that I signed up to take over the summer, but I have already started using it now. I don't even use it for pastry because I am extremely gluten intolerance. I use it to scrape all of the vegetables off my cutting board after I chop them. I'm no longer picking up the cutting board and scraping them off with my knives, which is a lot easier on my wrists.", 'I have owned one (the same one) for about 15 years and I use it several times daily.  A very useful item.  I use it as a counter scraper when baking and as a salad and sometimes nut chopper, also to scrape the cook-top on my ceramic range.  I sharpen it on a diamond stone every couple of years, it holds its edge well.  I wash it mostly by hand but sometimes in the dishwasher.  The hard rubber handle shows no sign of age. The blade is 1mm thick. I rounded the corners slightly to prevent gouging when I use it to scrape my wood cutting boards.  I scrape with the blade near perpendicular to the surface, bad for any blade but it holds its edge so hey.', "It's not sharp enough to do any serious chopping, and not very ergonomic for that purpose either.  But if you already have it out for another reason, give it a shot and see if it works well enough to avoid dirtying up a knife.  I use it for scraping and pastry work, and it works fabulous for both of those purposes.  I downgraded it a star because the handle is thicker than it needs to be and takes up unnecessary space in the drawer.  A thinner handle would make it 5 stars for me.", "I've never used one of these before, always just a knife, but it is wondrous, making pie crust making simpler and easier. Quality made to last and easy cleaning.", "First and only item of its kind I ever owned/bought, can't compare to anything else. It is realy useful portioning the dough, scraping the dough from the counter, a lot better than the knife I previously used. I had to take one star away only because I wish it was longer sized - I make bread in large batches in a Bosch mixer, 5-6 loaves at a time - for smaller amounts of dough however it should work just fine. Hope this helps.", 'If you like to bake like I do, there are times when your dough or pastry sticks,(especially when you have it just the way you like it).  This makes picking up that dough or pastry so much easier, with out ruining it.  Recommend for all bakers.', 'I had wanted one of these for a long time.  It makes work easiere when picking up a lot of chopped onions as well as other things.  I like it a lot.  rthank you.', "Nice to use when making fondant for cakes on granite counter tops. Haven't used it as a chopper but it divides fondant nicely and scraped up the dried on fondant from my counter tops. That is what I use it for and I LOVE it!", "This came on time and as promised.  I haven't had a chance to use it yet but have run it through the dishwasher and seems good quality and sturdy!", "I use this product every day to scoop up my diced vegetables.  I don't know how I managed without it.  I know I lost a lot of tiny pieces of food to the floor.  Recommend highly!", 'many relatives have tried to steal these already! I got 2 and both are great, they also work great for chopping :) have not had to sharpen yet !! cuts chicken well to, the sharp edge really let you get under the dough without tearing it', "OXO is a name that I equate with good products and I wasn't disappointed with this scraper at all. Well made and very useful. Would definitely recommend this product.", "This pastry scraper is very comfortable to hold. I haven't used it for chopping, but it seems to be sharp and I think it would chop herbs well. I'm not sure it would be sharp enough to handle anything too crunchy. I mainly use it for cutting dough into sections and then moving the dough to other work surfaces.", 'I bought this to scoop all the cut up pieces on my cutting board.  It is great!  I no longer drop food as I used to try to get it on my knife and transfer the pieces to pan or bowl.  This works great!', "I really like this chopper-slash-scraper but I haven't gotten in the habit of using yet.  I also haven't acquired the right technique.", 'I have a King Arthur Flour scraper and I prefer the OXO over it. It has a somewhat sharp edge. It is not sharpened at the angle of a regular knife blade; it is somewhat blunt-about a 70 degree, inclusive angle. This still makes it a snap to pinch off dough. It is also usefull for cleaning my wooden cutting boards or any flat surface you might want to scrape or collect bits off of. The scale is a "bit of fancy" that some might find useful. The handle is somewhat soft, and very well ergonomically designed. It fits the hand and palm comfortably, unlike the KAF\'s wood handle (not to mention its totally blunt edge).', 'Yet another excellent product from OXO.', '+ Great for transferring veggies/etc from cutting board to pot/pan/stove.+ Great build quality-Wish it had a hole for a lanyard/hanging stringOverall, awesome.', "Works very well, great build quality.  Easy to clean.  There is a ruler etched into the edge for measurements.  Cuts through doughs really well.  Does exactly what it should do.  A little pricey for the OXO brand but you won't need another one.", "I've never used anything like this before, but I've been using it more and more.  It's very durable and has multiple uses.  Would recommend.", 'If you like to bake...a lot...you should seriously consider checking out this pastry scraper.  The "blade" is nice and sharp (but it won\'t cut you) and the handle is super comfortable.  It also seems to be very sturdily made and has handy measurements along its edge if you need them.  I use it primarily for two things:1.  Dividing dough.  You know, when the recipe says to divide the dough into 2, 4, or even 16 pieces.  The sharp "knife" like quality of this makes that simple and more accurate, while being a lot easier to use than an actual knife because of the way that it fits into your hand.  Love it.2.  Cleaning off the counter.  When you\'ve just kneaded a pie crust and your counter is covered in sticky, floury dough, this is the bomb.  Just swipe it across the counter once or twice and you\'ll be reaching for it every time.If you rarely bake, you probably wouldn\'t really need this, but if the kitchen is your favorite room in the house, it\'s time for a pastry scraper :)', "I use this to cut and pick up dough when I'm making bread. It is well made and very ergonomic. The edge does a good job of scraping dough and flour off my board. Highly recommended.", 'This is a handy gadget!  For example, it\'s great for shoveling up a pile of diced anything from the cutting board and sliding it off into the pot.  Quality is excellent, has ergonomic handle.  Imo the scraping edge could be just a little sharper (but not enough to cut fingers!).One of the best uses I\'ve found: sliding chopped onion off onto a pizza, makes it easy to get even distribution.  Haven\'t tried this yet, but I think it will be quite good for "crumbling" hamburger as it cooks (a vexing chore).Added Dec 25:I have since used it to "crumble" hamburger and it works much better than a turner or spatula.  More efficient, easier grip, less tiring to the hand.  Perhaps not the thing to do if using a coated (non-stick) pan.', "I've even used it to cut pizza when I couldn't find my pizza cutter (the wheelie thing). Just very handy in the kitchen, cut, scoop, scrape, separate, etc... You all need one of these.. really 8)", 'Like most OXO products, it is really comfortable to hold.  Well made, dishwasher safe.  Good product, and I like the ruler that is marked on the edge.', 'Love this item.Works great for Pastry Arts class', "I'm not a baker or pastry chef. I'm just a working guy that likes to cook home style meals like Grandma used to make.This scraper is of  good quality, heavy stainless steel. The handle is comfortable and seems to be securely attatched.When I got this it had a pretty decent edge on it but I ran it through my knife sharpener. It's now very sharp. I can slice my home grwon vine ripened tomatos with it. I use it for everything. I can trim and cut meats, I've cut baby back ribs, chicken breast and sirlion, I chop veggies, dice potatoes, it cuts pretty much anything. My knife hasn't been out of they drawer since I got this.Buy 2. You'll find this to be so useful, that like me, you'll want 2.I'm ordering 3 more, one more for me and 2 for friends.", "I have nothing but good things to say about the products that OXO Good Grips makes, and this little baker's blade/dough cutter is no exception.  I purchased it for one reason:  to scrape my cast iron cookware.  And it works extremely well at that.  It is easy to hold, it is durable, and the edge is true.  No kitchen is complete without one of these hanging around.", 'This scraper, like all Oxo Good Grips products, has excellent handle "feel", and is more comfortable than any others I have used to date.  Its edge is not razor-sharp, but it is sharp enough to cut many things in addition to pastry (but more care is required when using it - especially when young children are present). The ruler along the cutting edge is a nice useful feature too.The negatives for me are: The blade is very inflexible, unlike most others I have used. It is made in China, so I\'m not sure how long the perfect stainless-steel blade will remain stainless.Not perfect - but close!', 'It chops veggies, it scoops, it cuts dough, it scrapes, it measures. There is nothing else like it. The handle is comfortable and fits nicely in the hand. Quality product!', "I use this to get the chopped product to the bowl.  I had been using the knife to do this but it is so inefficient.  The edge of this product is sharp so it can chop but I don't use it for that.  Another feature is the ruler along the edge; that is helpful for any recipe where size becomes important....like pie crusts!", "Sometimes a pizza wheel just doesn't cut, no matter how good it is. I don't normally make pastries, but this is fairly versatile. Hooray!", "I never realized I needed one. Use it to help pick up cut out cookies, pie crust, scrape dough and flour off the countertop. It's nice and heavy and the handle doesn't feel like its hollow so it shouldn't get water inside. Don't use it everyday but love it.", "I don't bake much anymore, I live alone and am diabetic so making a batch of brownies (mmm brownies) would not be a good thing, since I could easily eat an entire batch myself in a few days. I do chop a lot of veggies, though and this thing works great for transferring them to the pot/pan without losing them to the floor in the process. It is a sturdy little thing, I've had it around 8 years and it's had many many trips through the dishwasher in that time and held up nicely. Highly recommended!", "This scraper is nice!  It's heavy gauge, great quality,  and sturdy.  I use it mostly for scraping up onions, and veggies off my cutting board, and it does the job perfectly.", "Had mine for years. Use it to portion dough and smooth frosting. Works great. No complaints. This from someone who hasn't had much luck with Oxo in general.", "Seriously, it's fine. This thing has no moving parts, so reviewing it doesn't take 20 words. It has the little ruler thing on it, which is kind of nice when cutting dough or something.", "I don't know how I ever managed without this handy devise.  When I chop vegetables, I use it as the scoop to transfer them to the pot.  It has a small ruler along the cutting edge to make pastry layout easier.  It stores standing up along the edge of my drawer.", 'This simple item is just what you would expect. It has too much packaging over it but is mostly a slice of metal with a solid handle. You can get the same thing at lower prices by looking around. One star off for price.', 'I used this to cut the rolls on my homemade cinnamon buns. It cut nice and smooth on the first try without smashing my rolls. They came out perfectly cut, and the end result was amazing. I also used to cut them after I finished baking so my husband could bring them to work and share with his coworkers. It is a very sharp blade and I have no complaints. Just be careful when using because it is VERY sharp.', 'This  item was so well- packaged, that there was no way it could have been damaged in any way. This is not always the case, so I am so pleased that this company takes pride in its work. The item is very well made and can be washed in the dishwasher. Thank you for your superb product and packaging.', "Been making a lot of bread lately and my plastic scrapers weren't doing that good a job.  Kneading and forming a sticky bread dough on granite was leaving little bits and pieces stuck to the surface and then I was having to scrub them which  resulted in floury goo on the sponge and at least a couple of passes on the counter to remove the goo and then the floury haze.This scraper easily cleans the counter and gets just about everything into the dough, and any remainder scraped off counter before sponge does final rinse.A time saver and easy to use", 'I made a 5lb. soap mold and use this contraption to cut the soap once it becomes in a solid state. Deep enough to do the job and very sturdy and sharp enough to do the job easily. Well made product. Feels good in my hand and had a little weight to it.', 'I have a lot of OXO products, they are well made and hold up to daily use. This is a great tool for moving chopped veggies from cutting board to pan!', "If they marketed this guy as just a scraper I would give it 5 stars but the also call it a chopper... I don't know what they think I should beable to chop with this but it crush tomatoes and deflects carrots. About the only food it chopped OK was an onion and I still prefer my knife over that. I just wish they wouldn't act like this guy is dual purpose b/c it is a faaaaaaaar cry from that.", "I expected a sharp edge on this for chopping. It doesn't have it. I've tried sharpening it. It won't hold an edge. Works well for transferring chopped veggies from a cutting board to a skillet though. Would probably work well for pastry scraping (or any other scraping) May donate it to someone's tool box.", "Bought this for my wife, who loves to play with dough of various kinds. It has a great rubbery handle that doesn't have any crevices for dirt to accumulate, it's sturdy and well-made, and the edge is sharp without being dangerously so. Just right, according to my darling.", "I do like the fact it is big and sturdy, easy to scoop all of your chopped vegetables and put them right into the pan. I'm glad I bought it.", 'OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper  is of good quality and so handy when making pies , pastry and crackers', "This is a good.  I had one but it just didn't quite meet my expectations.Any baker will be very please with this OXO Multi purpose scapper.", 'OXO Good Grips Scraper/Chopper this is a very nice item.  The handle itself is very easy to use and this is very well made.  It could be a gift for any baker, chef or anyone that spends time in the kitchen.This item came very well wrapped and came in good time too.  I would certainly buy from OXO again and I do enjoying buying from Amazon since they started.', 'It feels great in your hand. I cut 15lbs of dough a day and it has been perfect and stayed sharp.', 'wanted one off these for years  got one ......  this works great ..... would buy another without question....very sharp ...', 'Not much to say other than this is a very high quality product; very hefty making it durable and long lasting.', 'This has been the best pastry scraper I have ever used. I use it to scrape dried dough off my counter, and, also use it with alittle flour on it to help pick up pastry and cookies when they stick to the counter top. I push the pastry 1/2 way onto the scraper and gently push it off onto the baking sheet, works wonderful. The edge has a measure line on it also. The edges are slightly sharpened at an angle, nothing really to cut yourself on, do not let you children play with, the edges are sharp and they could get cut, this is not a toy, so keep everything pushed back on your counter, when you put you baking in the oven, anytime you turn your back, even so quickly, something could always happen. A word to the wise.Sincerely,David Kahle-Super Chef', "If you've been using a spatula to pry pastry off the board you've probably been tearing up as many pie crusts as you've made. If not the bottom crust, then the top, it never fails. This tool is wide enough and the blade thin enough to easily scrape up your pie dough each time and every time. It also gives you the confidence to roll thinner dough. Using the Betty Crocker two crusted pie dough recipe I was able to roll the dough thin enough that I actually had about a quarter of a cup left over. Thin pie dough is flaky tasty pie crust. They'll think you're a professional baker.", 'This necessary kitchen tool is great!  The blade is sturdy, sharp enough to be useful in food prep, and flat enough to not tear up the counter top or pastry mat when used to scrape the work surface.  A good buy.', "This has been such a handy tool. It's sturdy, not flimsy. The handle is solid and easy to grip I really like that the measurement numbers are engraved/etched permanently and NOT just painted on. The blade itself, doesn't flex or bend at all, but is thick and sturdy. I love to use it for clearing the counter of flour and whatnot after rolling or kneading baking items, scooping up mounds of chopped things to toss them into pans or bowls, cut brownies evenly sized, unstick dried bits off the counter or steel pans, and much more. It pretty much does it all!! Be sure to purchase a few to add to bridal shower gifts, too!", 'I purchased the scraper/chopper to use in my kitchen for kitchen prep it will do the job for me just fine.  I would recommend it to anyone for quicker prep time in the kitchen.  It even has a ruler marks along the bottom that I had not noticed prior to ordering.', "Indispensable!!! I can't cook without it. It chops and scoops things into the pot, it scrapes bread dough off the bread board or counter, and saves an enormous amount if time. If you don't have one you don't know what you are missing. Buy it immediately!", 'It is a good, solid tool for novice or serious bakers.  It has a nice sturdy feel in ones hand.  I recommend it without hesitation.', 'The &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; is very sturdy, cleans up easily, and is excellent for cutting yeast dough without tearing the gluten strands. The 1/4&#34; markings on the 6&#8221; blade are extremely useful since, when directions call for specific sized pieces, the markings save having to estimate size.  Further, because they are &#8220;engraved&#8221; into the blade&#8217;s surface, there is little danger of scrubbing off the markings.  The cushioned grip is comfortable to hold.  If you bake frequently, the &#8220;OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper Chopper&#8221; will be a valuable addition to your baking tool collection.', "Love this shovel, it is awesome it has the measurings right on it and won't fade away, nice grip handle and makes chopping and scooping much easier to do. A must have for the kitchen.  I need a new kitchen.", 'Nice quality.  bought for a gift and  it is better than mine.  Like the measuring rule on the edge.', "I used to use something like this all the time when I worked in a deli, but I find it useful at home all the time. It's great as a pastry cutter and helps get veggies from cutting board to cooking vessel in bulk. I haven't tried chopping anything with but maybe for bread or pizza dough it could be pretty good.The handle is a little wide / awkward to use tho, I think it would have been better if it was a little taller and thinner then so short and round. I think it's just personal preference tho.", 'I just love this product! I have one arm and it was and is helpful for other uses in the kitchen.I got it a timely manner.a must have!', 'Great little gadget.......OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper...a necessity for any kitchen....I even bought extras for my kids!~ I recommend this to other viewers!`', 'It not only makes scraping and scooping chopped veggies quick and easy but it helps keep a busy work area clean.  The measurement marks have proven useful as well when making biscuits or rolling out a pastry or tart shell.', "It's comfortable and the edge is actually straight. You would be surprised how many dough knives in this price range have really crappy edges because of a lack of quality-control. It does what it's supposed to do.", "I use this nearly everyday.  When I chop stuff, I use it to scrape up all the goodies and put them in the container.  I also use it to clean off my prep area for food and flour.  When I make dough I can cut it in pieces with it and it had a nice ruler on the end.  Then I just put it into the dishwasher and it cleans up easily.  I can't imagine not having one now.", 'OXO is known for making high quality, useful products at affordable prices.  As far as this product goes, it meets all three of those expectations!!!  I bought mine to use on my cutting block.  I find myself dicing fruits and veggies and reaching for my OXO to slide them off the side of the board and onto a plate, etc.  Sure, this may be for pastry use, but I find it to be quite good for everyday use.  The edge is slightly sharpened at the bottom which makes chopping through smaller items a breeze.  Overall, I am very satisfied with this product.', "This scraper's measurements are etched unlike the Kitchenaid's that are printed.The length is 6 inches whereas the Salton is not quite 6 inches.I'm getting this because of success with the Breadbaker's Apprentice book.", 'HOLA LE DOY 3 ESTRELLAS A ESTE PRODUCTO PORQUE NO TIENE LA FLEXIBILIDAD NECESARIA PARA RECOGER LOS VEGETALES PICADOS DE LA TABLA. DE RESTO NO ME QUEJO', 'This bench scraper is extremely efficient and practical. I use it to cut scones, biscuits, and split loaves of bread all the time. It also works as a safe way of cutting open squashes and melons, and cleans sticky dough off countertops very easily. Also, very sturdy and easy to clean.', 'I bought this utensil primarily as a scraper for prep cleanup.Had seen it used a few times on cooking shows as a dough cutter, which I plan on using it for also.  Was surprised to see that the cutting edge has an etched measuring line.  Takes the place of a ruler when measuring dough cuts.  Very good idea.', "I just got this a week ago and can't understand why at 50 years of age I am just learning of this tool. It should be mandatory in every kitchen. I have used it to chop and dice and being able to pick up veggies etc with it is the best part. Saves time and like the previous poster stated I too have arthritis and I love how easy it is to chop and scoop with the rubber type handle. Love this tool.", "I love making home made bread and pizza and this pastry scraper is wonderful; I couldn't ask for more.", 'A very handy kitchen tool. Great for cutting pastries-chopping veggies cutting pie-cake-lasagna. Buy an extra at this price-makes a great scrapper for hard cleanups and makes a great little gift. Most folks do not have one.', 'Works great. Durable. Easy to clean.I would buy it again.I use this for baking bread, even cutting soaps!', 'I love this bench scraper. It is both sturdy and tough! It works a million times better than my old one. It is a bit expensive but I think it is worth the money.', 'I have granite counter tops.  I am not a tidy cook.  This scrapes all my untidiness off the granite and into the oubliette.It gets up under dough while kneading, freeing from any sticking.  When ready to partition the dough it cuts neatly.When chopping or mincing tons of veg, this little thing slides nicely under the pile and carries it handily to the cooking pot.Every kitchen should have one.  Sometimes I think two would be even better.', 'Sharp, easy to use...large vegees...all vegees...keeps them on the cutting board...easy to clean and scrap the vegees were you want them...', 'Needed a good pastry scraper and chopper for when I make home made hamburger rolls, and this fit the bill.  Nice and solid, good quality and does the trick.Although I caught my husband chopping watermelon with it the other night, so I suppose it will live its life as a multipurpose tool in our home.', 'This is a great kitchen item.  I scoop my fruit or veggies off my cutting board after cutting up.  Great to pick up pastries, biscuits, cutting dough for your bread loaves.  May get a second one.', "I have wanted one of these forever. This one is really sturdy and has a good, soft, easy to hold grip. I haven't used it for baking ( scraping) yet, but I used it for chopping. I prefer my chef's knife for more precise chopping/dicing but this tool is handy for quick chopping of celery, onions, nuts, etcetera. I imagine the edge could be sharpened to make it more effective as a chopper. The size of the blade makes it nice for swooping up the chopped material for transfer to the pan.", 'I purchased this originally to help scoop and transfer all my chopped items from the counter to the pan. But, it was perfect for making all of my pie dough.', 'Perfect for cutting vegetables and it is made of solid stainless steal. It is solid assembled and has no lose parts. Seems to be very durable.', 'I purchased this scraper for lifting dough off of a pastry sheet, but also use it for lifting chopped vegetables off of the cutting board. Nice design and easy to use.', 'Before I bought the scraper; I was using a plastic one which would flex making it difficult to get the job done. This OXO product like most of their designs is great.', "We've used other brands and styles of scrapers, over the years. This has turned out to be the most sturdy and easy to clean. We've found that the ones with wood handles tended to absorb stains and flavors, over the years. This one does not.", 'Great tool to have in my kitchen. This is really a &#34;go-to&#34; product for me, very sturdy easy to hold, clean.', "I don't know why I didn't get the OXO Pastry Scraper sooner.  I find I'm using it constantly to pick up large amounts of cut vegetables for transfer to another bowl or pan.  Much easier than lifting the heavy cutting board or trying to pick them up with my hands.  It's also great for cutting dough in half.  I'm sure I'll find more handy uses as time goes by.  Great kitchen tool.", 'great dough knife', "I've also come to use it to clean up the dough and such from my work surface. I love this thing. One of my favorite Amazon purchases ever. :)", "I'm impressed with the sturdiness of this product. It feels like it can really take a beating in the kitchen. It's another OXO well-designed product (most of them are) and it's nice that the measurements are etched on and not painted/stamped. It worked wonders to slice brownies too.", "This kitchen tool I use almost every day.  Great for cutting, chopping and scraping, I wonder what I used to use before I got one of these.  Now I give them as gifts, to my kids as they have left the house, and for wedding gifts. (Goes nicely with a brownie pan or cookie sheet.)  I use mine for making scones, cutting brownies, scraping dough, cutting butter, so many different uses.  It's very sturdy and will last my lifetime I'm sure!", "the OXO good grips multi-purpose pastry scraper and chopper works very well for scooping veggies off the cutting board and cleaning up; I don't use for pastry or for chopping but imagine it would work well for that too", "I've always need a scraper and saw this one while shopping here, and decide to get it.  Oxo makes good products, and I've never had a problem with their stuff.  Good price as well.", "Strong, durable and functional. Comfortable fit for my hands. What more could one ask?Well actually, there are times that you may want to scrape a rounded surface, or use a thinner and more flexible blade. On those occasions this wonderfully made OXO tool won't do. But there is no such tool for all your scraping and chopping kitchen needs.The OXO Scraper/Chopper does what it does well, but get another more appropriate tool for your other scraping or chopping needs.", 'Nice basic dough scraper, the handle is comfortable and the construction is sturdy. The measurements on the blade are handy. I use it for dough and transferring chopped ingredients to the pan.', 'This is a great pastry/bench scraper.  I primarily use mine for cutting gnocchi, and it does a great job.PROS:* Keeps its edge* Stainless steel - easy to clean* Comfortable handle* Includes measurement marking - they are engraved on the blade which is very handy - they will never rub off!CONS:*None', "this is really sharp, so please keep away from children.  it chops onions, radishes, tomatoes, any thing.  it's also a great scoop to move your chopped ingredients to another container.", "This scraper comes in handy for so many things.  I mostly use it for putting chopped foods into whatever I am cooking, but I do use it for baking and sometimes measuring.  I tend to get this out when I start cooking without even thinking about it.I have started rolling out biscuit dough into a square and using this scraper to cut it into square biscuits.  Not that it takes much time with a biscuit cutter, but it goes faster and I only roll out the dough once (better biscuits).  This also makes handling doughs easier than trying to use both hands.  I've also used it to slice cookie dough and it works great.I like the handle a lot.  It's easy to hold and use.This is not the most innovative item for the kitchen, but it is well worth having.  I'd bet anyone would be happy having this scraper in their kitchen!", 'I use this a lot when making noodles, pasta and pot-pie(Bot Boi). The recessed increments up to 6&#34; are really helpful and dishwasher safe.( It still gets washed by hand.) The handle is &#34;cushy&#34;, not hard plastic. Also works as a scoop and edge is beveled for chopping, but not very sharp. You might want to sharpen it if you really want to chop hard vegetables with less effort. Add this to your kitchen.', 'Not much to say here; it is exactly as described.  Gets the job done with no fuss.  Would recommend. :)', "this dough scraper is great.  I remembered the cooks having these in my Navy days and thought about getting one but I rarely baked so it wasn't necessary.  We bake more now and this is a great have when baking large batches of any kind of dough.  Easy to cut and scrape with an easy grip handle and large work surface.", 'The best thing about this tool is the ruler embossed on one side.  I used it for a long time before I noticed it.  May have to raise it to 5 star quality.', "This is a very versatile kitchen tool. I first saw it being used on Cook's Country and America's Test Kitchen television programs. I thought it made sense and purchased it. I have now found that it is so much more than just a bench scraper. I especially love how I can use it to cut though my Italian Zucchini Crescent Pie cooked in a 9&#34; x 13&#34; Corning Ware baking dish.", "This is particularly good for transferring chopped items to a waiting pan.  In the past, I've used a knife blade but I worried about cutting myself.  No such worries here!", 'I needed a new scraper and this one fits the bill to a T.  It was recommended by Cooks Illustrated.  I usually find their recommendations useful and this one is great.  Very easy to use and clean.', 'This works so well for making pita bread and cutting your big loaf into smaller loaves and ultimately the individual pizzas. Also good for rounding up scraps on your butcher block. Very glad I got this, makes me feel like a pro!', "&#34;Pish posh, another gadget,&#34; I sniffed when I saw this scraper/chopper.  For years I struggled with metal spatulas and butter knives cutting all sorts of foods thinking that was just the way things had to be.  How very wrong I was.  I purchased this scraper/chopper on a whim and when it arrived I immediately noticed that it's a really nice size.  The molded handle fits comfortably in the hand and gives me the leverage I need to cut things in pans.  The blade is heavier than I was expecting, it doesn't flex at all and has a slight tapered edge to bite through the toughest baked goods.  Best of all, it works like a charm.  I was able to cut things up in a fraction of the time and I didn't end up with tons of food gunking up the blade messing up subsequent cuts.  This is a very handy tool and I would recommend it to anyone who cooks.", 'I use this to scoop up cut veggies, etc from the cutting board. It is great!', 'Very comfortable to hold and use.  Very effective at getting dough off the cutting board.  Awesome for chopping garlic.  This thing is just fantastic.', 'this is a very nice scraper has a nice weight to it I use it all the time never had a problem with it itsdishwasher safe well worth the money.', "A pastry scraper seems like a kitchen gadget you could do without but I'm finding this to be very handy. So far I haven't used it for pastry (I plan to, though) and I haven't used it as a chopper.  What it has been useful for is scooping up vegetables I've chopped on the cutting board.  It has a comfortable, solid feel to it.  I haven't put it in the dishwasher.  I wash it by hand.", 'I use this to make artesian breads. And for whatever reason it slices, scrapes etc, way better than the plastic scrapper. Might be that the thing is big enough to get a decent hold on it, and the grip is comfortable. Whatever, worth the extra buck or two.', "I purchased this for working with bread dough, for cutting and dividing dough for pastries.  I'm happy with my purchase.", "A neat little gadget to have in the kitchen.  It's helpful when making biscuits or measuring dough...easy to clean...good purchase.", 'Now I know why.... Scrapped counter clean from sticky fondant, picked up everything for easy disposal, the best multi tasker ever!', 'I think this is for baking bread, but I use it to pick up chopped veggies and what not from the cutting board.  Makes cooking so much easier and quicker!', "Excellent grip , sharp enough for cutting semi soft vegetables such as cabbage but excellent tool for scraping up food . oxo doesn't disappoint.", 'After I sharpened this a bit I used it to cut cheese and other veggies. Works great. Looks great on my counter.', 'This product arrived quickly and undamaged.  We have already utilized it multiple times (bread and pizza doughs) and it works well for our home baking needs.  The plastic handle is comfortable to grip and to apply pressure.  It also cuts through the dough easily. I am unaware if this is professional grade since my wife and I are new to the bread and baking world, but considering that we are true beginners, it is much better than we expected and makes dough working much simpler once you work with it a little.  I hope this review helps.', 'i thought, what a wonderful idea to use this scraper to collect and dump chopped and sliced stuff to add to a bowl or skillet.now i chop up my mushrooms, onions, green peppers, scallions, etc and scoop and dump.....', 'This cutter is very handy when you are chopping up onions, celery, etc. for cooking. You chop up something and then use the blade to scoop up the pieces and add them to a pot or pan. It is very easy use use.', "This is a perfect, indispensable tool in the kitchen.  You'll never pick up chopped veggies with your hands again.  It's perfectly manufactured.  Sweep this under whatever is on your cutting board and you're in business.  Who needs more gadgets?", "The OXO Good Grips line has done it again with their Pastry Scrapper/Chopper. I picked it up after I began working with dough more often, and wanted something that would work better with pastry than just a standard kitchen knife. It works excellently for pastry scrapping and chopping, but it does so much more than that. For anything that needs a rough cut (i.e. tomatoes for sauce), this is now my go-to device. The rulings on it make it great for seeing how large my chunks are, when trying a new recipe that calls for things to be cut to a certain size. In addition, I often don't want to dirty and clean an expensive kitchen knife, when I could use this trusty workhorse and throw it in the dishwasher afterward. Pick one of these up for your kitchen, you won't regret it!", "I've been pleased with all the OXO products I've purchased. This is no different.  Works as it should to cut dough, though I wish it was a little sharper.", "I purchased as a gift for my daughter because she didn't have one. She is very happy with it and she uses it all the time now that she is the happy owner.", "The pastry scraper works for pastry as well as working for breads also, multifunction.  It does what it says and does it well and it didn't cut me like some have.  Enough said.", 'Product is as described.  Very easy to use, easy to clean up, appears to be built to last.  Shipment was on time and packed well.  We like this product.', "This scraper is easy to hold onto and sturdy. It's a really handy addition to my kitchen. I've used it to chop chocolate and clear off my counter between batches of cookies. I also like the measurment lines on the end.", "I bought this scraper to cut and portion bread dough. I looked at several scrapers, but I'm glad I chose this one! The blade is sharp enough that it easily handles sticky and heavy  bread doughs. The measurements etched along the blade are also useful for portioning dough.The scraper also cleans up easily. It is dishwasher safe, and the dough doesn't seem to stick to the scraper.", "one of my favorite purchases, i mainly use this for separating dough.  easy grip handle, dishwasher safe, sturdy.  you can also use it to do a rough chop of veggies, like celery or carrots, or to mix chopped produce with herbs on the cutting board by blending it all together.  it's a good quality yet inexpensive little tool.  ive used it far more than i thought i would.", "High quality item that does just what it says it will. You can use it for dough and pastry as well as chopping and scraping veggies from a cutting board.Some people like a scraper that is pliable and bends; this is NOT flexible and will NOT bend. It is very rigid, but if that's what you're looking for in a scraper, this one is a great deal and very well built!", "Oxo is fond of rubberized grips, which do make for comfortable usage. I honestly don't think there is much to a Pastry tool such as this to help convince you whether you want to purchase it or not.It's a simple multi-purpose tool and made well, comfortable, has convenient measurements etched into the sides and priced reasonably well.The only disadvantage to having a nice comfortable grip is that it is bulky and takes up an uneven amount of drawer space since it doesn't sit flush on its side. Your mileage may vary depending on your drawer space and orientation.", 'I HAD NO IDEA HOW OFTEN I WOULD USE THIS.  I BELIEVED IT WOULD BE SOMETHING FOR PEOPLE MORE PROFESSIONAL THAN MYSELF.  I ORDERED BECAUSE A COOKIE RECIPE I HAD SUGGESTED IT.  I AM GLAD THAT I DID BECAUSE IT HAS COME IN SO HANDY FOR SO MANY THINGS.', "I guess I didn't have an understanding of the product. so I don't know if it is good or not.  But I don't like it and its clumsy feeling in the hand, I have difficulty using it for anything.  Could be me, but I just don't care for it.", "My husband and I love this wonderful tool and use it frequently.  This is one product we have gotten our money's worth out of.  Use it to handle those soft sticky doughs and for clean up anytime.  I used it just the other day handling sticky dough for homemade crescent rolls.  The rolls were yummy by the way!", "I have a light weight pastry scraper that has gotten slightly warped over the  years.  This one is VERY well made and shouldn't ever warp.  It does the job for me, mainly as a pastry board scraper, but it's sharp enough to be a cutter as well.", "I've used it maybe twice, but now it just another piece sitting in my draw. I dont know what I was thinking, I dont do pastry!", 'This scraper/chopper is awesome! It has a sharp enough edge to chop herbs or cut pastry. It even has a ruler on the edge so you can measure the length or thickness of your product. It has a nice grip and feels good in the hand. It came to me quickly and I love it! This is a kitchen must have!', 'Our thirteen year old son have seen this scrapes/choppers on many cooking shows he watches. When we received this item he went right to work with it and it did exactly what he needed, assist in food preperation and TO HELP CLEAN UP HIS MESS! Thanks Amazom !  :-)', "There's not much you can say about this product.  It's does what it needs to do and it's a must-have for any baker.", 'In the past I would tear apart dough with my hands or use a knife, making a mess. This simple tool cuts clean and exact. I use it all the time now.', "I do a lot of baking, especially bread and this handy little thing is just what you need to lift the loaves or cut the dough. I have two of these because they are super for cut up meat. I don't like to use the same one for meat and dough. The other one is from another site and I paid almost double what this one cost and it isn't as nice as this one. This one has a nice rubber handle which makes it solid to hold. When I cut up meat for stir frying these are perfect for picking the meat up and carrying it to the pan. I use them both a lot.I can't imagine not having one for so long and I've been cooking for over 50 years.", "This is what a dough scraper should be, metal, stainless steel, with a comfortable plastic handle. Made to fit your hand comfortably and can be used to scrape dough from, well, pretty much anything.Buy one you'll like it.", 'I like this item.  I use it to scoop up diced foods and removing excess dough after cutting cookies out with cookie cutters.  Another ergonomic tool from OXO--a little heavy compared to others though.', 'Well constructed Stainless.  Good grip.  Dishwasher safe.  Performs as you would expect in the kitchen.  It chops and cuts dough with ease.  I bought another one for the wood shop to scrape excess glue from joined boards.  The bits and pieces that can damage jointer/planers.  It does the job and comes out with no damage.', "It's so useful. I use it for shoveling off the cutting board into the pan mostly, but it's super nice for baking pastries. The sharpened edge is handy for easy chopping if you notice something that slipped through the process. Would buy it again. I'd only hand wash this though, keep it out of the dishwasher (as with all other knives and anything you want to last for awhile). I've had mine for awhile and it looks brand new. It's one of those things that you can't imagine yourself using, but once you have it you realize how much time it saves. Get it, you'll be glad you did.", 'This scraper is awesome! It has a sharp edge that really gets under the food. The ruler on the side is handy too.', "This is great for cutting up bread dough. Didn't need to scrape or measure but I don't see why it  wouldn't work. Nice weight to it and it feels quite sturdy. Nice for the price", 'Very comfortable to hold...I have arthritis, and it does a great job of helping with daily cutting and scraping chores. After chopping mirepoix with my chef\'s knife, it "evens" out the veggie dice sizes quite nicely and scoops everything into the pot beautifully. I\'m very happy with my purchase.', "I have intended to purchase one of these for a long time and just kept putting it off. I made the purchase, received the OXO PASTRY SCRAPER AND HAVE BEEN USING IT OFTEN. Regret I didn't purchase it at an earlier time. Great for dividing your dough, gives you a measurement on the blade, is comfortable to use and work with. Doing any dough or pastry work, buy it; works much better than the old butcher knife!", "I bought this to replace an older bench knife with a wooden handle because it couldn't go into the dishwasher and I always felt it wasn't clean enough.  While I really like this one, the only con is that the handle is a little thicker than it needs to be for comfort.Otherwise, and excellent design.", "OK, I've been watching Baking with Julia and all the chefs use this tool to help scrape and cut dough while working it into bread, rolls, etc. so I was inspired to get one. This has a nice grip, is very solid and actually has a ruler etched into the edge. This will be very useful.", 'OXO makes the best gadgets ever!!! This scraper is easy to handle and gets the job done. No sharp edges and very high quality as all their items are. A must kitchen item.', "A very simple tool but effective.  I love that it has a ruler - I never thought I'd use that but I do all the time.", "I really love this thing.  I use it for scraping when I'm cleaning my kitchen, like anything dried on the counter or burned spills on my glass stove top.  It's also good for when I'm making dinner to use to scoop up chopped things onto it to put into a bowl or pan.  The quality is excellent.  It's actually pretty heavy for its size.  So far it has been very durable.  Easy to clean.  Usually it rinses right off, or I put it in the dishwasher and it cleans up great.  It was a really good buy in my opinion.", 'OXO makes great kitchen products. I love how they have good grips on the majority of their items and this scraper/chopper is no exception. It is a good size scraper/chopper with a sharp enough edge to clean off items on the cutting board in your kitchen and cut through most food. I use it mostly to scrape off the counter and the cutting board and less often to chop with so it serves its purpose. Excellent product!', "I bought this pastry scraper/chopper because it had been recommended by America's Test Kitchen.  I am very happy with my purchase.Appearance:- Thick plastic handle grip at the top.- There are 6 inch increments at the bottom of the blade for measuring while cutting.Quality:- Very solid feel in your hand.- Stainless steel blade.Usability:- I needed a pastry scraper or chopper to divide dough for rolls or monkey bread. Previously, I used a knife to slice the dough.  This works much better, because it's taller than the knife and the angle is pushing down on the dough instead of slicing.  Usually, my dough is formed into a large ball or disc shape that might be an inch or two high, and while working with a knife, I would have to pull the dough apart as I sliced it with a knife to cut all the way through it. That is no longer an issue.I'm very pleased with the quality, feel, and performance of this pastry scraper.", 'This pastry scraper is great for easily dividing dough into smaller pieces.  It cuts perfectly every time.  The ruler on the bottom is very useful when you are rolling your dough out to a specific size.  I find this tool most useful for cleanup, when I use it to scrape up all the little doughy flour bits right off the table and into the trash.', "I just knew I would like this and I love it. Working with hydrated dough, it is a must and makes handling the dough so much easier.Yes, I would highly recomment it to anyone and furthermore, I don't know how I got along without it.", 'Bought this for my husband who loves to cook!He uses it to get dough unstuck from the board and to move food.Very handy tool!', "I have had this scraper for over ten years and I couldn't bake without it.  Great for cutting dough and the ruler on the blade is a real convienence.  I love that I can easily scrape dough and flour off my counter with ease.  Easy to clean, easy to store...you'll wonder how you ever got along without it.", "I bought this after a trip to Italy where we used it in a cooking class to make gnocchi.  I've used it several times since then in chopping ground beef during cooking and to scrape dough off a cutting board.  I'm glad I bought it.  It's a good tool for the kitchen.", 'This is a good product for cleaning counters after using flour which always manages to get away from the dough board. The handle is comfortable and the edge sharp for cutting. Proud to have this addition in my kitchen.', "I used to be wary of oxo products (they're so big and bulky!  No one REALLY needs a handle on something like that!) but the more I use them the more I love them.  This is made with great materials and it withstands lots of use. The handle is pretty bulky so it's easy to hang on to. I like the measurements marked on the side as well as the slightly sharp edge.", 'Even though intended for dough and pastry, I have found that it performs very well for other purposes, such as chopping cheese -some recipes turn out better with chopped cheese than they would with shredded cheese.  Sturdily made, with high quality materials.  Highly recommended.', "This item was purchased by me to cut up my bread dough, but I am finding more uses for it like scraping chopped items from my cutting board into a pot/pan.  This is another necessary kitchen item that I don't know why I went so long without having one.  It is also made of good quality materials and even has a ruler etched into the cutting edge.", "I bought this along with the Snow River Pastry Board reviewed elsewhere to use in making bread, a hobby I just took up. It is very helpful in the early stages of kneading (I prefer kneading by hand) when the dough is frequently sticky and difficult to handle. I have used it a couple of times to chop parsley or cilantro but found my chef's knife easier, probably because I already had the technique down.", "This is a great paster scraper, the measurements on it are handy and the plastic handle very pleasing to grip. It cuts easily through dough, even some of my thick cookie doughs. Don't think that it's only for pastry though! I use it all the time when cutting up veggies, etc. rather than using my knife to scoop things off the cutting board. Much safer and gives you more surface area to carry items with as well. Definitely an item every kitchen needs!", "Haven't used it yet, however, I like the weight of it and the grip on top is nicely shaped and easy to hold.", "I got tired of using various spatulas and knives for scraping the work surface when making doughs and other messy things.  Finally did it... broke down and purchased the proper implement.  The Oxo has a good, simple design and it just works.  The handle is easy to grip and there's even a measuring scale along the edge for quick size references.  This tool is simple and effective and the price isn't bad either.", "I've been very happy with this scrapper.It's worth knowing that unlike many scrapers this one relies on being sharp instead of being thin and flexible to scrape.  I'm not sure if I find this to be an advantage or a disadvantage.  It makes it a more multi-functional product for sure; however, I think it might slightly compromise the dough-scrapping-from-counter flagship role.  I'm certainly not going to try and find a different scraper, just thought the difference was worth mentioning.The markings on the blade are very helpful and the nice thick handle makes it easy to use.", "Always saw cooks using a bench scraper on tv and thought I'd order this and try. Love it for having measurement ticks on it as well as scraping up odds and ends after rolling dough. Also helps with picking up dough from countertop.", "Scoop up all the chopped onions that you've made for your spaghetti sauce.  Clean off the chopping block that you've used.My old one was about 5 inches wide - this one is somewhat wider, and we use it every day.", "I got this to help me with pastries.  I just haven't used it as much as I thought I would.  Either I am not being inventive, or I have other tools that better solve problems that this one would. I like the measurement markings.I will be using it next to make a gingerbread house for Christmas.", "Well made and sturdy.  For the money I don't see how it could do a better job.  I like the grip too.", 'The OCO pastry scraper works well. The edge makes it easy to cut and the measurements on the scraper are helpful.', "I finally ordered this after getting tired of hand scraping pastry off of the (clean) countertops when baking and I am very pleased with this purchase! It has so many uses. I now use it daily to scrape veggies and fruits off of the cutting board, scrape things off of the countertops, and for light chopping now and then. It is also excellent for cutting pizza (works better than my pizza cutter!), cutting sandwiches, just about anything! It's now my favorite kitchen utensil and I'm so glad I ordered it.", "This scraper feels very sturdy and well-made. The grip is rubberized and fits my smaller hands well. The blade is substantial, not flimsy, but it still works well for cleaning up dough. The etched numbers are nice as well. I don't expect that I will have to replace this any time soon.", "Great for dough cutting, cutting portions in general, and you can use it to scrape your food off the counter. It's especially helpful when I have dough stuck to my counter tops. Scoops it right up without damaging anything. Love how it's easy to cut portion sizes...brownies, cakes, dough, pizza, whatever. I cook/bake A LOT, so i love this tool.", "I bought this just to have it and it's been very useful when I made bread or rolls. And a King Cake. It has a nice sharp edge on it for scraping and a ruler on the edge which was useful for a new recipe I did for Christmas that required using it :) Very happy with it.", "This gets so much use that I don't know how I managed before without this handy tool. I mainly use it for transferring chopped veggies from the cutting board to a bowl or pan. What I didn't expect was how often I would use it for chopping. It's a sturdy weight, doesn't bend, and has a nice sharp edge. I love using it for cutting even, straight, brownies and bars--works much better than a knife.", "I was hoping for a larger bench scraper, but I can't seem to find one that easily. That being said, I really like this scraper. For household use, it's great. I like the nonslip handle, so if my hands are wet, I don't lose my grip on the scraper. It seems sturdy enough for tough jobs, and there are measurements along the edge. I've been using it more than I thought I would.", "Decent pastry scraper, get's the job done. I use this is a lot of my baking and have had good results with it. Recommended.", "I bought this on a whim, and now find that I can't do without it when making bread and pastry.  As an engineer, I'm very careful (my kids say loony) about wanting everything a uniform size.  I make large batches of pie crust dough, and weigh it, and then use this to  cut it into exactly even pieces.Likewise, when I'm making yeast rolls, I use a scale to divide my batch of dough in half, and then use this cutter to cut off pieces which are exactly 2 ounces.  It's much easier than wrestling with your dough.The handle at the top of this chopper is very large and feels soft, although it's really hard plastic.  It feels good in the hand, and works well either left- or right-handed.Finally, when cleaning up the counter after making pie crust, yeast bread or anything which involves slinging lots of flour around, this is wonderful for scraping it up without marring the counter, and it's large enough to hold a lot of flour and remove it from the counter.  OXO makes good quality items, and this one is quite useful.", 'I thought about skipping the extra cost and substituting it with a similar product I already had but I\'m glad I didn\'t.  The handle has some weight to it which makes it perfect for cutting dough.  I didn\'t notice the measurements on the "blade" when I placed my order but they have came in handy numerous times.  This is perfect for the casual or more experienced baker!', "I use this more for scooping than scraping pastry dough.  It is a handy addition to my gadget stash.  I haven't tried chopping with it yet but I think it would work well for onions, garlic & fresh herbs.", 'I had been using a plastic piece of crap scrapper I bought a WalMart and wanted something sturdier with markings so I know how thick to cut sweet roll dough. This cost a tiny bit of money and has a nice substantial fit in my hand, cuts dough to size thatfast, and plus cleans the counter in no time. Something you never think you need until you get one. Recommend.', 'Very high quality steel, nice and thick, not flimsy at all.  Nice, sturdy handle too.  Good investment.  Definitely will hold up to my use.', "This is one tool she uses to make all her traditional foods that involve dough.  She said the weight of this is just right since she has used this kind of scraper in other people's homes. She would always said oh it's not like the one I have. She loves the shape of the handle. It gives her a good grip with staining her hand.  She's been using this for years and still continues using this. Would buy her a new one if this one ever decides to break.", "After years of not cooking anything that didn't go into the microwave, I finally decided that I needed to cook again.  This chopper/scraper has so many uses around the kitchen.  Good tool to add to your kitchen utensils.", 'I use it mostly for scooping up things I have diced and chopped. It is great for that. I have also used it a few times for cutting dough. The measures on it made it easy to cut things up into equal parts.', 'My dad always says you need the right tools to get the job done.  How true!  This has been my go to for cutting cinnamon rolls, baked brownies, dough.  Precise cut and a joy to use.', 'Although this is described as a pastry scraper, we have found it has many uses. It is an all-purpose scraper/cutter. Oxo is known for ergonomically designed tools, combining form & function.  This is perfectly balanced & weighted  & fits the hand of many people (from kids to big men).A well designed piece of equipment like this makes cooking even more pleasurable & helps to broaden the scope of your culinary talents!This tool is very helpful in the creation of the perfect pizza, breads, doughs, and yes-even meatloaf!', "I really love this tool, it helps me not only cut or scrape dough but also measure dough sizes.It's very useful tool and must have it!. Thanks.", 'This was a great buy!  It is very solid and makes cutting through dough/pastry so easy.  Also feels good in my hand.', "Update 8/25/07:  I love this so much that I bought a second one!  Now I have one for baking and another for everything else.  When I cook big meals, I tire of having to rewash it.This is my second bench scraper.  The first was a single sheet of metal that curved to form a handle.  The measurements were painted on it.  I probably paid $3 for it.  After repeated use and trips to the diswasher, the measurements began to wear off and the bottom started to get uneven.I am so thankful for this version by OXO!  There's the obvious sturdy handle, but what I love the most is that the measurements are etched instead of painted.  I have to have the measurements because I use bench scrapers to measure the thicknes of dough in addition to cutting product (you'll never cut brownies or bars again with a knife) and cleaning the board.  This product is a lot heavier than my previous version and I like the weighty feel.Dishwasher safe.", "I wish the measurements were printed on both sides instead of only one side.  I also wish the handle was not wider than the metal part - it makes it difficult to measure thickness on a flat surface (for example, measuring how thick dough is on a baker's board).  Other than that, this is my favorite tool in the drawer.  Excellent workmanship.", 'I use it to help cut pizza dough and biscuits, it really works well.  Just be careful because it is sharp.', "This is a great Oxo product.  It cuts well (I've used it for cutting dough into portions in the past).  I think I got this as a free product in the 4:3 promotion, but after having used it I would still purchase it now if it wasn't free.  It feels good in the hand and is solidly made.  Sharp, and not expensive.", 'This is a well made, heavy duty scraper.  The edge is straight, the handle is comfortable.  The size is just right, not too large to be bulky or too small to be efficient.  Love it!', 'I HAD ORDERED THIS AND LOVE IT, HOWEVER, WHEN MY DAUGHTER CAME TO VISIT FROM TEXAS , SHE ASKED WHERE I GOT IT. TOLD HER FROM AMAZON.  I GAVE IT TO HER AND ORDERED ANOTHER FOR MYSELF AND ONE FOR A FRIEND', 'I now make naan, flour tortillas, and gyro bread.  I LOVE being able to so easily cut the dough into portions (12, 16, 12).  What I like, too, is using the scraper to pat the tortilla dough into a more uniform shape before I cut it so the portions are equal.  The key to fluffy flour tortillas is to work the dough as little as possible.  At least it is on the recipe I use (flour, olive oil, milk, salt, and baking powder).  So, this awesome cutter does double duty for me!!', "I've had this a couple weeks now, and it works just like I thought it would...easily transferring food like diced onions off my cutting board and into my frying pan.  For years I would use a spatula for this chore...but this does it a little better with less spills, worth the cheap expenditure if you chop a lot on a cutting board.This isn't rocket science...a simple device for a simple task.  I'm glad I bought it.", "I do all the baking nd when my wife got this for me I thought this was great now I can do my bread dough with ease I'm going to get another one to make it even easer", "I purchased this OXO Pastry tool because I've taken on the task of baking more and more of my families bread.  ((This has been made easier, by the way, because of the techniques in this book:Artisan Bread in Five Minutes a Day: The Discovery That Revolutionizes Home Baking.  It really does provide some easy options.))What I found with the technique in the book I mentioned was that I need to not 'disturb' the dough, but rather I needed to cut it cleanly.  And none of my regular knives were working out at all.This OXO chopper works great.  It's very sharp and cuts through the dough cleanly.I would give it Five-Stars except for one thing and that is the black handle.  It's well designed as far as shape, but it's made from that junky black plastic that Oxo started using sometime back, and I've found that after a number of dishwashings that the black stuff begins to deteriorate so that it leaves gooky-greasy smudges on other items.Consequently, since I want it to last, I hand wash.Definitely recommend.  Excellent price (currently under 10) and works well.", 'This thing works great. I use it all the time to clean my counters. I just scrape everything into a trashcan and it makes wiping the counters down a breeze. Flour tends to get everywhere and sticky when baking so I would not ever do it without this! Definitely recommend!', 'We really like this scraper/chopper.  It has a nice hand, good quality.  I like the little measure feature.  Cleans up well.', "I actually don't use this too much as a scraper and never as a chopper but I do use it to collect cut vegetables and deliver them to the fry pan.  I have a thick wooden cutting board so delivering the veges to the stove and pushing them into the skillet doesn't work.  This item is well made; nice non-slip ergonomic handle.", 'I am torn sometimes, because OXO stuff is well designed for the most part, but it is all made in China. This scraper is sturdy and sharp and I expect years of use, though.', "My wife uses this every day. She loves it. As far as construction quality, it's very well made, very heavy duty and likely will last for years and years. The handle has a nice gripping area and it doesn't slip out of your hands when wet.We'd buy again, but I doubt we'll need to.", "I bought this scraper along with aJohn Boos 20-by-15-Inch Reversible Maple Cutting Board, and couldn't be happier with it as a tool. In my opinion, it's a must-have for anyone with a large wood board that's not easy to move, or someone with a butcher block countertop. It's easy to clean, unlike other bench scrapers with a rolled handle which can trap food particles inside. I use it every time I use my cutting board, and most of the time I just rinse it off and let it dry beside the board. It is also very handy for cutting pizza dough, dividing scones, smashing garlic, and measuring thickness of meat to determine cooking time. The measurements are engraved into the metal and won't wear off.", "Love this Pastry Scraper!  I can't believe I have never owned one. If you make anything with dough... I have found it is a must have.  I have large hands and this scraper fits in my hand perfectly without feeling like I have to hold on to it too tight.  The handle feels wonderful and seems to be kind of &#34;non-slip&#34;.  I have also used this to coarsely chop some almonds and it worked great.  If I had to choose one of the best things I have in my utensil drawer, this would definitely make the top ten.  What a wonderful tool.", 'I\'ve been experimenting with different pizza dough recipes and this scraper is invaluable for handling all kinds of dough, even the sorta wet "slack" doughs. I like that the measurements on the 6-inch rule at the bottom of the blade are etched and not silk screened so they won\'t fade with use as another brand\'s did. If you use a nice wooden pastry board you\'ll need to be careful the corners at either end of the ruled 6-inch blade are sharp as a Ninja throwing star and will mark up your nice wood. I\'ve thought about filing down the corners just a tiny bit but it\'s nice to know that if someone breaks into the house while I\'m using the OXO I can go all Bruce Lee on their ass.This scraper is heavy duty and seems to be built for a lifetime of use so dough balls and miscreants beware!Update:02-08-2013 Holy crap! I didn\'t realize how accurate my review was. I got some cheese stuck on my baking stone after making pizza and used the scraper to clean it off. It worked great but the baking stone acted like a sharpening stone and I cut my thumb deeply on the freshly honed edge. I then dulled the edge on the same stone but yikes! Who wudda thunk?', 'I do a lot of vegetable chopping, and this scraper really speeds things up.  Much faster and easier than using the knife or your hands to transfer chopped food.  Dishwasher safe and inexpensive.  Should have bought one years ago.', 'Easy Grip for stability, allowed cutting harder vegetables more easily and alsokept up the speed of chopping, I recommend this item for your everyday chopping.', "This pastry scraper - like most everything Oxo makes is comfortable to use, well made and not bad to look at.  It fits comfortably in your hand, has measurements on the blade which come in handy, and is very sturdy.  Can't go wrong for the price.", "I bake a lot. I have always just cut my pastry and bread dough with a knife. I saw this and I thought I'd give it a try. I love it! I feel like a professional baker! I cut through my pastry dough with ease. When the pastry starts to stick I just scrape it up and dust a little flour under it. When I'm all done, I use the scraper to make clean-up a breeze. I just gently scrape my work surface with this scraper to remove excess flour and dried up dough or pastry and then I wipe up the rest. This makes all my baking projects so much faster and more professional. Get one and you won't regret it!", 'Makes scraping down batter easy and clean. Small enough and good-looking enough too, and good value for the price. Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced. Highly recommend!', "Cant speak to use as pastry cutting tool I haven't tried it as such yet. But it's great for veggies and fits in my smaller hands nicely,  if you have very large hands this might not be best size tool for you. It's smaller than what the photo looks but the measurements are correct in the listing.", 'Works very well, blade is sharp and cuts dough easily.  Also use it to scrape up any dough stuck to my counter...  Recommend this item for anyone who bakes routinely.', 'A family member gave me this for Christmas. I like the handle and the ruler on the edge. The sharp edge can chop but that is a trade off for a lack of flexibility many scrapers have.', "Although it's not as sharp as I thought it would be, it does help someone with lower arm/hand strength to work in the kitchen.  For something soft, it would be effective, but is not sharp enough to chop anything dense or tough/hard.", 'I have found this even more useful than I expected. There are similar items available but the ruler measurements along the edge gave this item, well....an edge!', "I knew I'd need this someday, but didn't realize how often I'd reach for it. I recently made petit fours and could not have asked for a better kitchen tool to help me along the way. The ruler is so handy when aiming for uniformity in pastries. It is a tall tool, so I was able to cut through multiple layers easily. It cuts cleanly and is sharp enough to do so without being so sharp that you have to watch your fingers. The grip is very comfortable. The blade is thin enough that I will use this when trying to get too-tacky pie dough off a surface. I would not use this for cutting hard vegetables. It is not meant to be used as a knife. The metal is thin enough to be useful on delicate cooking projects, while maintaining a straight edge and never bending. I highly recommend getting one of these to add to your kitchen tool arsenal. You'll undoubtedly find a use.", 'This will be my second of these scrapers.  The first one disappeared at the same time that my daughter moved out... suspicious, I think.  This scraper is great, it is sturdy, comfortable to hold, dishwasher friendly, and will last forever, if you can keep it from your children when they move!', 'I got mine on time and as advertised. I will buy this product again. I think this is the best one I have come across because it is sharp and very sturdy quality to get the job done the right way and easy.', "Oxo's Good Grips Pastry Scraper is an indispensable tool in the kitchen, not just for dough scraping / dividing, but also for cutting brownies and fudge, chopping chocolate, and even chopping nuts and veggies.Hefty in the hand, the pastry scraper is a substantial weight with an ergonomic handle that makes it easy to hold onto. However, the blade is lethally sharp; be particularly cautious if you're chopping something hard like carrots where the blade is likely to bounce or slip; a trip to the emergency room might result (haven't had it happen with this, but two of my (klutzy) family members sliced themselves open on theOXO Good Grips Mango Splitterblade). This is an invaluable tool for slicing brownies or bar cookies in the pan, for dividing yeast doughs before baking, and for chopping last-minute ingredients; in fact, you might want to order two, since this might become your favorite kitchen tool.", 'very useful tool: i use it when i make pie doughs.  Anyone who is serious about pastry should get this!', "This replaced my old that I used so much I wore it out LOL.  This is a staple when I'm cooking, cutting, doing anything in the kitchen.", 'This tool is great for breads and cookies.  I like the measurement guide on one side of the blade.  Works well for my use for over a year.', 'How did I live without this?  I use this almost daily and love it.  Good for chopping, scooping,  and scraping!', "I've had this scraper for about two years now, and it still looks like new.  Stiff, heavy blade of high-quality stainless steel.  Deeply engraved measurements along the edge, and a nice thick handle on the top of grippy oxo rubber.  Very useful for scooting large quantities of chopped nuts, flour, and other ingredients.", 'I cannot believe I\'ve cooked and baked for 41 years without this little beauty! I remember getting a silicone pastry scraper as a "give away" a bazillion years ago. It was thick yet flimsy, the surface was easily roughened in no time it snagged and tore the dough and was such an ineffectual scraper it was a joke. After a few attempts I threw it out! I am a total fan of "kitchenalia" my word for pots, pans, appliances, dishes and specialty gadgets that really work...but I HATE JUNK that simply litters kitchen drawers and/or don\'t work or are more trouble than they are worth.But I kept watching various cooking shows (America\'s Test Kitchen, Baking with Julia, etc.) and finally thought OK I\'ll try this OXO pastry scraper. WOW This little beauty is a dream! I cannot believe I didn\'t own one. The scraper has a smooth, thin (important in lifting delicate pastries which might tear easily) edge or you don\'t want the heat of your hands warming up the dough. It is sturdy stainless steel. Love the great grip AND a real bonus the bottom edge has a ruler so convenient when the recipe gives a measurement to roll or cut into certain thickness or size. It chops/minces little batches of herbs too but I have plenty of things that but nothing like this to scrape, lift and measure. Trust me even if you think you don\'t need it...you\'ll love it.', "I have never found an OXO item that I did not love, and this bench scrape is no exception.  It is made from a fine grade of stainless steel with a perfect edge.  It is not sharp enough to cut a klutz like me, but it picks up every morsel perfectly well.The handle is the standard OXO Good Grips material and is very comfortable in the hand.  It is sealed very well to the stainless steel so there is no worry of water getting in between. I like having this rubbery handle, as opposed to the ones I've seen with the rolled stainless steel handle, because it is easier to grip.", "My son decided he wanted to make a double batch of decorated sugar cookies for the holidays. We used the recipe in Joy of Cooking which is tasty but stuck terribly to our board. We tried everything....putting the dough back in the fridge, using wax paper and nothing worked.Then I remembered that I had bought this pastry scraper a few months ago and stuck in in my baking cupboard.  I found it and it was like night and day getting those cookies rolled and cut.A great product, very sturdy and I won't try to make cookie cutter cookies without it again! :-)", "This was highly recommended by the folks at America's Test Kitchen.  They were so right...it works like a real charm!", 'Really happy with this bench scraper.  Followed a trustworthy review from cooks illustrated and they hit the nail on the head.  Super robust, not cheap feeling and it looks like it will last me for quite a while!', 'Was pleased at the quality of this item when received. It is heavy duty, the handle provides for a solid grip with a supple, silicone type feel.', 'I make a lot of artisan bread, this is very useful for scraping the counter free of excess dough.  It has a measure which helps in keeping bread sizes in check, I also use it for cutting.', 'This is a handy little kitchen tool.  I use it for pasta, bread, pie and cooky dough.  Blade is not knife sharp but it cuts clean.  Useful and a good to have-on-hand gadget.', 'I love this product, it was a birthday gift and I have used it repeatedly since I received it.', 'Works as expected from OXO.  Comfortable handle.  Stainless blade.  Etched measurements.  Dishwasher safe.  This is an excellent scraper at a great price.  I love it.', 'I really enjoy having this scraper in my kitchen. It makes cutting dough and cleaning up very easy. Definitely a huge help in cooking, especially for baking pies.', 'I like this dough scraper.  You get it for a good price.  I purchased it a couple of weeks ago and I am using it all the time.  Mostly for my pizzadough. It is durable and you can even measure with it. Sure recommend this product.', 'Yes, it\'s good at what it does: scraping. As an added bonus, there are measurements on the scraper in case you really need to get precise with the dough you\'re scraping off the counter. This thing does a great job of cleaning up the countertop after kneading bread and getting flour all over the place. So it really does do more than scraping: you can use it to divide dough, clean gunk off the counter, release sticky dough from a smooth countertop, measuring something that\'s less than 4" long, fight ninjas, etc.', 'Great pastry scraper. I think I will have to get some as gifts for people for Christmas. My mom visited and she fell in love with it. It scrapes great, it cuts cinnamon rolls and dough perfectly.', 'I have to admit - I actually just use this scraper as a scraper -- cleaning up the counter tops after cooking/baking/rolling, etc. Perfect size, dishwasher safe, and does the job!  Great add-on to all of my other OXO tools!', 'Works great to cut my pie and cookie dough in half and to scrape it up off of the counter after it is rolled.', "This is a great product.  I like to make fudge for the holidays and I was having trouble cutting it out once it had hardened in the refrigerator.  My sister suggested one of these for cutting brownies, so I immediately thought of my fudge, also.  Well, a few days later I ordered this product and I am absolutely satisfied with it.  It really helped cut the fudge into manageable pieces.  It helped to make them look professional enough to take to holiday parties.  And, according to my sister it will work great for brownies.  It keeps the brownies from tearing into unsightly pieces and makes it possible to cut them into nice evenly spaced squares because you are essentially pressing on them from above and there is no cross cutting movement.  I have also used this to cut frozen pound cake and again, I am fully satisfied with the results.  I also find it very handy to use as a scraper for the countertops and cutting boards.  I can hardly wait to use it when I divide my homemade pizza dough.  I don't know how I got by without it for so many years.", "Great for a multitude of uses...I particularly love the measurement increments etched into the metal....they won't wash off!  I love it!", "I love the weight of the handle, feels very substantial in hand, hopefully it'll last.  The ruler is a nice touch, but really there's not much else to say, its a sturdy dough scraper with a nice handle and a ruler.", "This is pretty straight forward, but I wonder how I ever managed before. This is great working with my dough and great cleaning my toaster oven (scraping the crumb tray which often has carbonized spillage crusted on it). Be warned -- the edge is SHARP! I continue to place it back in the cardboard holder it arrived in. I'd like to see a storage case created for this.", 'i am so happy i bought this, it is great, now i can cut my bars into equal sizes and not have to wash my knife everytime!!', 'I like this scraper for picking up chopped/diced items to add to a dish or pot.  Using it is so much easier and quicker than using a knife or my fingers.  I would definitely purchase again.  It is really nice to have good kitchen tools to use and not improvise with whatever knife one has.', "Why wouldn't you buy a tool that is this handy, is this well-built, and doesn't cost an arm and a leg.  You need this not only to help scrape up dough scraps from your countertops, but you need it to help you guide sticky dough off of your counter and onto the pie plate you want to put it into.  It wants to help you divide dough into halves, quarters, and thirds with ease.  In fact, this may be one of the most useful tools in your kitchen.  If you don't have one, get one.  If you got it somewhere else, you probably paid too much.  Besides that, the handle is comfortable and cute.", "Takes a bit to learn how to use this but for baking it cannot be beat.  Use to scrape together your dough then to loosen the crust from the kneading surface.  Item is marked with inch designations on the bottom but have not had any need for them.  A little difficult to store in my 'junk&#34; drawer - tends to lock the drawer shut from the inside!  Oops!  Time for a new home.", "I love my new OXO Good Grips Multi-Purpose Pastry Scraper/Chopper!  I have arthritis in my hands and find this gadget easy and comfortable to grasp.  It has been great for chopping veggies and I have found it wonderful to use to slice hard cheeses.  I haven't used it to lift pastry yet, but I'm sure that it will be equally useful for that purpose as well.  It is well made and I expect it to last a long time.", 'well made, strong blade can hold the weight of the food, but flexible enough to be useful.the ruler on the edge comes in handy.', 'I had been looking for a decent pastry cutter for a little bit, they are many options out there.  This seemed to fit right into the pocket of quality constructions and value.  I am happy to say that I use this item regularly, from cutting dough, to cleaning flat surfaces to even scrapping pans.  The etched in ruler on the blade is also useful especially when looking to make uniform cuts for strips of pastry of even fresh pasta noodle.', 'I like having this tool at my disposal.  I had always had one (different brand) and needed to replace it when the old handle cracked.  This is made well.', 'I own many kitchen tools.  I cook a lot and use my kitchen tools all the time.  This pastry scraper, much to my surprise, is my &#34;go to&#34; tool!  I originally bought it to use for my bread making process.  But - wow this pastry scraper is a whole lot more!  I use it to divide dough, chop veggies, scrape things up from the cutting board or counter in bulk (this scraper picks up a lot at one time), cut up brownies and other bar type bars, and I could go on and on!  For the price and the utility of this item you must have this item in your house (if you love to cook!).', 'I use this a lot.  It is very nice.  This item arrived on time and is an excellent purchase.  I like it very much and am VERY glad I ordered it.  Thank you so much Amazon.com for the great price,  good value and prompt delivery.  I use this item frequently.', 'I use this every time I chop vegetables for cooking. It makes it quick and easy to load chopped vegies into the pot after chopping them up.', 'This oxo grips multi-purpose pastry scraper and chopper is all-in-one tool. Cut you butter into the flour, scrap the flour on the counter and chop it all together and easy to clean, thank you', "This is a great tool in the kitchen.  I now have two of them (two different kitchens) and love it.  Best product of its type I've used.  Highly recommend.", 'This is great but came with an edge sharper than my cleaver.  Would have torn up my butcher block work surface.  I removed a lot of the edge with my honing steel.  You might want to do that also before you scratch up or shave your work surface.  This is a great feeling tool!Hilditch', 'Works great for so many different things. Has a ruler on the edge going to 6 inches I believe which is helpful. I use it to cut dough, to scrape flour back into a pile easily.', "I don't do any baking & I don't do much cooking either.  I wanted a product like this for scraping up chopped vegetables (especially sliced onions) off a cutting board when making salads.  It's easier & safer than using the chef's knife.  It works very well & the grip is designed just right.", "Although I had a hunch, I really never knew how much something so simple and mundane could drastically improve my cooking experience. There are just so many uses for this incredibly well-made scraper - you can use it to clean up the cutting board after you're done; you can use it to much more efficiently scoop up whatever you've chopped than you ever could with even the largest chef's knife, but with no risk of cutting yourself. It's also great for cutting dough and any cutting tasks that require blunt vertical force. The built-in ruler is also very helpful, especially for portioning or for a recipe you're trying out for the first time.The handle is soft but very grippy - just what you would expect from an OXO Good Grips tool. The blade, although nowhere near knife sharp, or even blunt knife sharp, is &#34;sharp&#34; enough for dough cutting and blunt force tasks, but don't expect to be using this to cut a butternut squash ever. Running my fingers along the blade does *not* result in a cut, if that gives you an idea. Although some reviewers think of this as a downside, I don't think you want your scraper to be too sharp. That would make one of its greatest uses, scooping up chopped food, a lot harder, because you'd be pushing a sharp blade against your hand to scoop things up, and that's what your knife already does when you try to scoop things up with it. This isn't a knife replacement, so it shouldn't be sharp.This single tool makes both prep and clean-up substantially easier. I recommend that everyone have at least one.", "It's much sturdier than I imagined and comes in handy for so many things. What an investment all kitchens should have. I can't praise this enough!", 'This OXO Dough cutter came with a pastry brush and cutter.The cushion hand grip makes it fit comfortably in your hand.The dough cutter is a handy item but, the brush is a must.', "I've had cheap dough blenders before, and the blades always ended out pushed out of line from the butter or from the dough itself... and they were impossible to clean! But the OXO Good Grips is fabulous... the blades don't move, so your cutting is always right on and even, and because it's so sturdy, the blending is done in no time! It cleans easily -- just toss it in the dishwasher. And the famous OXO grip makes it easy to hold and doesn't hurt your hand. Much better than cheapo dough cutters, and you'll never use the two-knife system again.", "Lately I've been replacing a few kitchen gadgets that just don't work right, and this is one of them.  The wire cutters are too weak, they bend out of the way instead of blending ingredients.  I don't know if all wire-style dough blenders have this problem but I think I'm going to try a bladed type.", 'I was visiting a friend who didn\'t own a pastry cutter, so we ran to the store to get one.  All they had was this Oxo Dough Blender, so even though I prefer a blender with blades, I bought this by default.  What a mistake!  When I tried to chop the shortening into the flour (for a pie crust), this piece of junk only SMASHED the shortening into the flour, and I couldn\'t create the \'pea-sized\' shortening pieces that allow you to have a light, flaky crust.I do not recommend this blender at all!  It ruined my pie crust!  I only recommend a pastry blender/cutter with BLADES that chop the shortening into the flour, or the butter into a streusel topping.  Oxo actually sells a correctly bladed one (the "Oxo Good Grips Dough Blender with Blades"), so why would you buy their inferior dough blender??', "This dough blender grips nicely in your hand, but the wires aren't sturdy at all and bend and warp when used on dough that is even slightly thick. Pretty useless, since the point is to use this to blend harder chunks of cold butter or thicker dough. The harder pieces just push the wires aside instead of blending them into the dough.I've also tried bending the wires back to where they should be and they're just left wavy and out of place.", "I've used this several time now for making crumb-toppings and simple shortbread-type doughs, and it works quite well as long as the recipe calls for soft butter; it seemed a little lightweight when using cold butter, so I'll continue doing that by hand.", 'I bake many types of scones and pastries that demand perfect blending.  That means the fat and flour must be blended well, but not overblended.  This tool has taken a lot of the hard work and time out of the old way of using two knives in scissors action.  The overall balance to weight ratio is excellent; the handle is a good diameter and width, and the tines are spaced apart nicely.  The design of the tines makes reaching all parts of the bowl to pick up flour a breeze.  Cleanup is easy since you can toss it into the diswasher without fear of rust.  I highly recommend this product from novice to pro.', "The ribs are just too bendy for my taste. I use cold butter and lard so I need something that won't slip around the edges of the fat instead of cutting through it. I always used two criss-crossed butter knives and don't find that this works as well. I'd prefer the similarly shaped nut chopper to this.", "It's very hard to find a nice dough blender and this one is really nice.  The grip is wonderful and it cuts down that pie crust making time in half. This is a real Godsend during the holidays when you're making all those cookies and cutting in the butter, as well as all your pies. My only complaint is that one of the tines bent a little but other than that, I have no problems with it and use it quite frequently.  I became quite weary of using a fork to cut in my dough and actually got lazy and tossed it all into my Kitchenaid mixer before I bought this blender.  It washes up beautifully in the dishwasher and is basically something EVERYONE needs to have in their kitchen.", "We have had one of these for a couple of years and are now replacing it... the bits of plastic that surround the wires are now cracking and threatening to show up in the crust! It's not a bad example of the species... we probably got it as the best that a grocery store had to offer, but will replace it with better.", "Easy to use....even for my arthritic hands.  Even my 7 year old could cut in the butter like a pro!  Easy to clean.  The wires did separate a bit, but it doesn't affect its ability to cut through the butter/dough with ease.", "Usually OXO products are fairly tough and durable, but not this one. It is impossible to cut cold butter and flower with this blender because the wires just clump all together. You would have better luck with a fork and that isn't saying much.I haven't found a replacement product, but I have seen ones that have solid metal stripes rather than wires.", 'The OXO pastry blender is, in basic shape, much like any other pastry blender: it consists of a handle with several rounded "blades" that you use to blend butter or shortening into dry ingredients such as flour.There are a couple of differences. One is OXO\'s spiffy traditional "Good Grips" handle, a soft, thick rubber handle that\'s easy on arthritic (or otherwise painful) hands. The other is that the "blades" are more like the thick wire that you\'ll find in a whisk.The handle is a great thing; certainly I find it easier on my tendonitis than an ordinary pastry blender. The wire-like blades have one good aspect: they don\'t have flat sides for butter and shortening to stick to, so it\'s a little easier to scrape chunks of butter and shortening out of them, and it\'s a lot easier to clean them.There are a couple of down-sides, however. First, the wire blades are flexible enough that sometimes large chunks of butter push them aside instead of getting sliced up by them. Second, the handle on ours actually cracked through, and the wire blades have gotten deformed slightly so they\'re no longer evenly-spaced.This is a common theme among the OXO items we buy. They have great design elements that make it worth it for us to continue buying some of their things, but they also lack a certain durability under heavy kitchen use. A number of OXO items have broken under our care. And while we unabashedly admit that we make heavy use of our kitchen items, we do not abuse them. We\'re careful to take care of them, and have few cases of things gratuitously getting damaged.', 'I bake but not so much that I put a hand blender through any serious paces.  This worked well enough and it was easy to grip BUT it is flimsy.  Even with the limited use I made of it (once a month) the plastic holding the wires BROKE.  There is no way to fix the cheap plastic and it is useless.Really, it was not a good value for the sturdiness required for an occasional baker of biscuits as myself.', "There's not that much to say, is there?  This dough blender works perfectly.  It's much faster and more comfortable than the old &quot;two knives&quot; method. And it's sure easier to clean than a food processor.  For making biscuits, pie or tart crust, or any other kind of baked pastry product, it's a great tool to have. It costs less than $10, so if you're thinking about getting it, stop thinking and do it.A tip:  if you're good at planning ahead (I'm not, unfortunately), you might want to try putting it in the refrigerator an hour or so before using it, which will help to ensure that the butter doesn't melt excessively before you can finish cutting it into the dough.", "you should'nt really have a problem with the wire flexibility.  I like this one!  It's comfortable, reliable, economical and cleans up easily.  Find a better one that meets all those criteria (if you can).", "This tool makes it so much easier to make dough for biscuits, no more cramped hands! You'll never go back to the &quot;two knives&quot; method again!  It's also incredibly easy to clean, I just stick it in the dishwasher.  So far, so good! Highly recommend!", 'This does not cut in butter very well, it just mashes it, since the wires are round, not flat like blades.  The wires are very bendy, which also is ineffective.  Sending this to Goodwill and got one with the blades.', "I bought this blender to make pie pastry, and I was thoroughly disappointed. The wires don't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through..I spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result. The handle is nice but it just doesn't get the job done.", "For me, a person who doesn't need something like this all that much, this was just perfect.  It has a low price and is very comfortable to use.  It works effectively and I have had it for about 2 years.  In that time I have had to use it several times and it has worked well even on a dough that was mostly shredded cheddar cheese with a bit of flour.  That kind of dough I would think is harder to work with than a regular dough and this worked just fine.I don't know how this would hold up under daily use or in a professional setting.  In a home setting with an occasional user like myself this has been wonderful.  It has cleaned up very well which was  a wonderful surprise.  The grip was very comfortable even on the stiff cheddar cheese dough.This is the kind of item that stored reletively easily and is nice to have in case you need it.  For the price this is a great one to own.", 'This sifter works just as it claims to. Because it has caps on both the top and the bottom, it stores neatly (no floury mess all over the place). It is a bit stronger-gauge metal than you might think from the picture, so it should last. The handle is very comfortable, which is of course what OXO is famous for.The best feature is that unlike traditional "trigger" style sifters, there is no hole in the side of the unit leaking flour while you are trying to sift. Nor is there any need to squeeze your fingers over and over, which is important if your fingers are prone to discomfort, such as from arthritis or fatigue.The product\'s only weakness is pretty significant: it works slowly. If you want to sift two cups of flour, be prepared to shake it back and forth dozens and dozens of times. If you shake hard, it does sift faster, but then your hand and arm are sure to get tired.Like a squeeze-handle sifter, it can be used one-handed, and has that handy little scraper thing at the bottom to break up lumps.If you only sift occasionally, buy this product. If you sift many times a week, choose a product that will work faster, such as a squeeze-handle sifter or simply a wide sieve filled with flour and bumped against your other hand.', "This sifter is extremely simple to use. No mess; it's easy to manage any size sifting job: just control the side-to-side motion and there is no trouble using virtually any mixing bowl. You can really shake it like crazy, or use the opposite hand to support and softly &quot;roll&quot; it. Shake more vigorously for speed and large quantity, short shaking strokes for smaller bowls and less ingredients...so simple, and couldn't be more versatile!The covers are used when measuring and sifting, not primarily for storage; the top is not air-tight. Why in the world would you ever store a sifter with any flour in it anyway?! Just tap it out completely into the trash or sink to remove excess flour.The top cover is specifically designed to stay on during sifting, keeping flour/cocoa etc from wafting out while you shake-shake-shake. The bottom cap keeps contents from falling through the mesh screen while you measure flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt, etc into the top. That way, you can move it around your workspace if you need to. Oops! Forgot that pinch of nutmeg that's supposed to sift-in with the baking powder and flour? Just walk the sifter over to the pantry and shake-in the spice!Easy to clean, all stainless steel construction which won't rust, and it's even dishwasher safe! I put mine through a hand-wash or even the dishwasher every so often, especially after sifting cocoa or lots of aromatic spices, to remove residue that can transfer to other ingredients, and keep it sparkling new! Just remember to let all the parts thoroughly air-dry before you snap the lids back on to put it away.I only wish OXO made an even larger &quot;commercial&quot;-sized Good Grips sifter for my bigger baking projects!", "This is the best sifter I have ever owned, I am extremely happy with it. It has plastic lids both top and bottom which saves on mess and the handle allows you to just shake it and it sifts well and doesn't take forever to complete the job.", "I bought this item and tried several different powdered products in it and after 5 min of shaking, there was very little actually went through the sifter. I went to an antique mall and found an old fashion crank sifter and it works amazing and it was only $5. Don't waste your money on this item.", "I like this sifter especially for making cakes that require folding in sifted ingredients in portions at a time. The bottom lid allows you to control the portion. The top lid stops ingredients from flying out. Sifting mechanism is smooth and easy and doesn't require any &#34;mad&#34; shaking around!", 'I bake a lot, and while I skip sifting on some recipes, many really need it.  I have always used crank sifters... they\'re easy and do what they\'re supposed to.  No problems.  But they eventually rust and need to be thrown out, so I came on amazon looking for a stainless sifter.I was seduced by the Oxo name... I have many Oxo products that I love.  I (stupidly) didn\'t pay attention to the sifting mechanism - I just cared that it wasn\'t a "trigger" style.  I (stupidly) discounted the complaints people have about how long it takes to sift.... I thought they were exaggerating.So, I stupidly bought this stupid sifter.  Don\'t be stupid like me!First:  The sifting mechanism, and I use the term loosely, is the most inefficient concept I\'ve seen in a while.  Basically, you shake the sifter to strain the flour (or whatever)through a sieve.  There is a little fork at the bottom of the sifter to help with big chunks, but really you\'re just shaking your flour (or whatever) through a strainer!Second:  Because it\'s so inefficient, it takes forever.  Sifting 2 cups of flour takes about 4 or 5 minutes!  I don\'t know about you but I don\'t have that kind of time to waste.Third:  I liked the idea of the caps for the top and bottom, but the top cap is not tight, so if you sift cocoa, cocoa powder swirls through the air!  Why make a cap if you\'re not going to bother fitting it correctly?Bottom Line:  I was stupid and didn\'t listen to the reviews.  Don\'t be stupid like me.  This inefficient "sifter" is probably best used as a toddler\'s sand toy.', 'So far have not found any issues with any OXO product.  This was part of a kitchen set for our daughter - but I use it more than she does...we have many OXO tools and you cannot go wrong - very well made.  rlw', "This is the smallest sifter I've ever seen.  It will hold about two cups of flour.  I've used it a couple times now and I fill it with one cup at a time.Possible cons:* The motion of shaking side-to-side can create a bit of mess unless done over a large bowl with a steady arm.What I like:* The small size.  I have a small kitchen and I don't sift a lot.  This item is easy to store.* The top and bottom lids.  I don't plan on storing flour in it but the lids keep it clean and free of debris when stored.I've used this sifter for AP flour and powdered sugar, both with great results.  The sifter is easy to clean.  The side-by-side sifting action works fine for my needs.  It's fairly quick.  I can sift a cup of flour in about 20 - 30 seconds.  Would I want to do 10 cups per day like this?  Of course not.  For bigger jobs I'd get a bigger crank-style sifter.", 'I like the fact that this is not a bulky sifter and that it has lids on the top as well as the bottom. Hope that the shaking part of it will not break, stay tuned.', 'This one feels cheap and flimsy. I rarely use it and will probably buy a different style of sifter.', "I bake a lot but I don't hold to my mother's obsession with sifting everything before it goes into the bowl.  However, I've been trying to unsuccessfully to bake an angel food cake so I decided to finally break down and buy a sifter to see if that would improve my odds with the angel food cake.  Unfortunately, the Tupperware sifter is no longer available and I did not like many of the ones that were available.Then I saw this one.The best feature on this is the top and bottom lids.  My mother's sifter has a bottom lid which is great for ensuring that your flour does not fall out the bottom on the way to the bowl.  The lid on top as well is great for ensuring that flour doesn't fly out of the sifter while you vigorously shake it.I had no problems getting the flour to come out of this as some people have complained.  I like the back and forth mechanism on this.  I have carpal tunnel and the trigger model would kill me.  This doesn't.The only downside is the size.  However, you really should be sifting your ingredients in a cup or so at a time anyway so you just have to sift in batches.", "Works well for a sifter of flour and such. However, don't try to sift something like Bisquick (which I think you really shouldn't do anyway) --- your efforts will be futile! I like the fact that it has a lid on both ends so that when you're filling it, you don't spill flour all over the counter pouring it in (leaking from the bottom). Very durable and sturdy; much better than those that are much less expensive AND cheaply made.", "I don't know why people are saying this product works slowly?  I find that you can dispense a cup of flour in about 10 seconds.  Maybe they can design this sifter so that the covers can use a hinge to open and close, so the covers stay with the unit, but other than that, it does its job.", "Oxo Good Grips Flour SifterThe OXO Good Grips Sifter was designed to make sifting easier and faster, and baking that much more enjoyable. The Sifter has no troublesome awkward levers to pull or cold steel handles to squeeze instead, it features a comfortable handle that fits perfectly in your hand. With a slight shake side to side, the sifting mechanism is activated and with little effort you have perfectly sifted flour.  These were the main features that I was looking for in a flour sifter.  Something that you just shook and the flour would be sifted, after-all I'm not looking at the performance of a sports car, this is just a flour sifter. Something that doesn't take up much room, but is efficient in its use with little effort. The top and bottom lids keep flour fresh and the inside of your cupboards clean. The OXO Good Grips Sifter is so much easier to use that you will look forward to those recipes that call for sifted ingredients. Simply shake side to side for sifted flour or powdered sugar Comfortable, ergonomic handle Top and bottom lids keep sifter and cupboards clean, Dishwasher safe.Some of the products features are:* Wide, comfortable, ergonomic handle* Sifter shakes side to side with one-handed operation* Cup and gram measurements listed* Lids seal the top and bottom* Stainless-steel construction* Dimensions: 4.5 IN x 4.63 IN x 6.5 IN* Weight: 8 oz.The covers are used when measuring and sifting, not primarily for storage, the top is not air-tight. Why would you ever store a sifter with any flour in it anyway, you are just asking for problems. Just tap it out completely into the trash or sink to remove excess flour.The top cover is specifically designed to stay on during sifting, keeping flour/cocoa etc. from wafting out while you shake-shake-shake. The bottom cap keeps contents from falling through the mesh screen while you measure flour, cocoa, baking soda, salt, etc. into the top. That way, you can move it around your workspace if you need to. If you forgot that pinch of nutmeg that's supposed to be sifted-in with the baking powder and flour, just walk the sifter over to the pantry and shake-in the spice or whatever is needed at the time.  The mess is almost eliminated and you'll enjoy a better baking experience.Think of this sifter as a baker's tool and less as a sifter. This product is great at working with dusting's. If you ever just wanted to do a light powdered sugar coating on something this may be the tool for your because the sift is slow. The second good use is for putting flour down on the counter top to kneed bread. It sifts over a large area so it is quick at making a light dust over a large area. But don't forget that this sifter has a capacity for larger amounts of flour as well. So, you get flexibility, versatility, and convenience, not bad for a flour sifter.I still am sold on the shake and sift mechanism, for the above reasons, and it can be done one handed and you can control the amount of flour sifted easier and it doesn't need to be an all at once speed sift.  I get better results when I take my time baking, after-all, I'm baking and I'm not running the 100 yard dash.  That's what I tell my grandkids when they are over and we make/bake something they enjoy to eat. After a few years of use this sifter is still doing it's intended job and many baked goods later the grandkids still enjoy coming over and learning some new baking skills.", "This sifter doesn't work very well. Serious design flaws mean I'll be buying something else to replace it.The first problem is that the thing is pretty small. I noticed that from the description, but didn't realize how small until I got it. Only holds a few cups of flour or whatever - and you can't come close to filling to capacity because it works by shaking it around, so stuff would come flying out if too full.Second problem is that the sifting mechanism doesn't work. I tried shifting a brown and white sugar combination through it and nothing really went through cause the brown sugar is sticky. With my old rotary sifter, I was able to sift this exact combination (for pumpkin pie) very easily. So basically, this is only going to work for nice clean stuff that basically flows through the screen all by itself.I think Amazon is doing a disservice to future buying by featuring such positive reviews on the lead page. Turns out that isn't representative of the actual mix - and my own personal experience is that this product stinks.Summary: buy something else!", 'A lot of thought was obviously put into this product.  It is well designed and manufactured from high quality materials.  I expect it will last me many years.Unlike some other reviewers I had no problem with speed.  I sifted 3 cups of flour in under a minute.  I did notice that the mesh screen at the bottom of the sifter can be removed for cleaning.  I also noticed that it can become dislodged and not flush with the agitator at the bottom of the sifter.  This may be why some folks are experiencing slow sifting.  They may simply need to realign the mesh screen properly.The plastic lids that come with this sifter are a brilliant addition.  Put the bottom lid on when scooping the flour into the sifter then put the top lid on while shaking to keep the flour from shaking out the top.  Then use both lids when storing the unit.The metal is a very sturdy but I was disappointed by the plastic handle.  I would have preferred the rubberized grip OXO uses for most of their other products.(-1 star)', 'I\'ve tried to up the rating to five stars and can\'t figure out how to do that.  I originally gave this four stars because I feel the design could be greatly improved with very little change.  Based on experience with other sifters, I felt I was being too tough and wanted to change to five stars.When I was a kid (many, many years ago) my mother had a sifter than had a long, straight handle.  You could shake this sifter side to side or hold the sifter in one hand and rapidly move the handle back and forth with the other hand.  It was the best sifter I\'ve ever used and I\'ve been looking for something like it ever since I started baking on my own.  This sifter gave me a hint that it might work the same way that old sifter did, and it\'s close.The sifter is very well made. It is about 4 1/2" in diameter across the top and 3 1/2" across the bottom. It will hold about three cups of flour, although it\'s only marked to two cups. The "cup" portion is definitely quality stainless steel.  The pivot point of the handle is hidden under the "comfort grip" portion, so I can\'t tell what the connection is like.  There are no holes or openings in the "cup" portion that will leak flour. The caps are a nice addition, especially the bottom cap.  With that on, you don\'t need to be concerned about the sifter dusting everything in the cupboard with flour.Another reviewer said it is very slow.  I\'ve just tried mine out, and found out a few things I\'d like to share.  Please keep in mind that I use home-milled, whole grain flour, so my experience might be a little different from one using all-purpose flour.If I put less than 2 cups of flour in the sifter, it worked better than if I filled it up. When I filled it, hardly any flour would sift. I found shaking it from side to side was on the slow side, even with a smaller amount.  Using the memory of my mother\'s sifter, I tried holding the cup and moving the handle back and forth with my other hand.  This worked VERY well, and the sifting was as fast as any other sifter I\'ve used. When moving the handle back and forth it was going across the entire bottom and ending against the side.  The little "bump" against the side seemed to make the difference between fast and slow sifting.  My problem is that I have small hands and it was uncomfortable for me to put my hand across the top of the opening.OXO, if you\'re listening, please make a smaller size of this with a smaller "can". This would be the perfect sifter if it was small enough for me to hold comfortably in one hand.  And that\'s saying a lot since I\'ve been looking for a good sifter for 30 years!', "I have had this sifter for 5 years.  Until this holiday season, I was an occasional user.  I like how the small sift area.  I like how this didn't rust.  I like the top and bottom covers a lot. However, today my sifter fell apart from all the sifting!  I guess I was giving the handle too much stress.  I am amazed that this isn't a better sifter out there -- other styles rusted, or the flour flew out while cranking, or the squeeze handle caused hand cramps.  I may try the electric sifter next because my hand tends to cramp easily, but that will only work with AP flour or bread flour.  I can't believe someone hasn't invented a much better sifter for the baby boomer generation.", 'Handle is comfortable, sifter design works very well and I love the cover for top and bottom-no powder messes in my cuboards-OXO never fails to impress me.', "Another awesome product from OXO!  Very ergonomic.  Heavier gage mesh than pictured.  Should last for the rest of MY life!  Thanks Grandma, but the mesh wore out on your old one!!!  Wish it had a handle on the side like Grandma's old one.  The shaking can be a bit cumbersome for those that have a problem with repeatative motion difficulty.", "I usually keep a few rice grains in the bottom of any sifters for that extra help, but this thing barely needs it. I've had a couple trigger sifters flat out break on me and by far prefer this design-nothing mechanical to break down. The caps on the sifter are my favorite part, though I did forget to take off the bottom one at first (whoops)-but they're handy to have. Hand wash and return to cabinet. Lasts sifter you'll ever need.", "This does the job - much neater than any other sifter.  I've owned battery operated ones, used a sifter while tapping it against my hand (messy!) and this new one is so much easier to use.  Definitely recommend.", 'I love that it has a lid. You can hold onto all the ingredients and then sift the ingredients in the bowl.', 'We do not use a sifter too often, but we did need a sifter for the times where it is really required.  Overall, this sifter is sturdy and carries the Oxo name with pride.  However, the actual sifting mechanism seems a bit loose (it has been working great for months and will likely continue to do so for many years to come).  Also, it takes a good bit of time to sift a large quantity of flour.  It might help to have a larger container or a different type of mechanism.  But if you need something larger you are likely looking at a different sifter anyway.  While it could be improved upon, this sifter is by no means a bad product.  In fact, it is a very good product and meets/exceeds our needs.  The Oxo Good grips Flour Sifter is recommeded for most people.', 'I love the fact there are two covers both top and bottom. Makes it is a much cleaner ordeal. The sifter is a shake sifter which is great for those of us with arthritis. Price is worth it. Over all, well made and a must for all bakers.', 'gr8 for getting lumps out of the flour and for loading dry ingredients and mixing them together as u sift.', 'Oxo wins again with this handy gadget! (Excuse the pun)  It is easy to use and can be operated one-handed using a side-to-side motion.  It has tight-sealing lids for both the top and bottom, so you can leave flour in it all of the time.  It holds two cups, which is perfect for most applications, yet it remains small enough for easy storage.  I had been using a strainer, which can be pretty messy, so this was a big step up from that.One thing to note regarding the tag for arthritis on this...  I have psoriatic arthritis, which effects my hand & wrist joints.  After  typical use with this sifter, my wrist joint is pretty sore.  I do not think this is a better option than traditional sifters, in that regard, but I thought I would mention it.  Perhaps the tag is there because the handle is more ergonomic...', "I received this product as a gift and love it.  It's easy to use and the covers for the top and bottom make it great for when you need to add things gradually.", "As someone who a) does a lot of baking and b) has had arthritis for the past two decades, Oxo's Good Grips Sifter is a lifesaver for sore hands. Instead of the usual squeeze trigger found on metal sifters, the Oxo sifter swings from side to side, no squeezing required.In addition to the user-friendly design, the Oxo can measure up to two cups of flour, and the included top and bottom storage lids add to its versatility. This is a wonderful gift for any cook.", "My husband uses this every week when he makes crepes. He told me he'd never use it, but he has converted because he finds the 1-cup and 2-cup measures on the inside to be very handy, it sifts the flower quickly, and the resulting crepes are thinner and lighter than they are without sifting.", "I wish I would have replaced my old squeeze type sifter long ago, I just didn't figure this shake type would do anything but make a mess. I was wrong. I wouldn't use a tiny bowl to sift into, but it doesn't have to be huge to keep from making a mess. This works very well and my hand doesn't get cramped up when I'm sifting a bunch of flour for cookies or bread.", "Lots of reviewers have commented about how it took them minutes to sift a single cup of flour. I sifted 3 cups worth in about 15 seconds, and I wasn't shaking it excessively either. The sifting action works well, and I did not have any problems with flour going all over or needing to use a super large bowl to catch it all. Honestly, I don't know if the other reviewers got a bad item, or if they were trying to sift a coarsely ground material, but it works fine.", "I used my new sifter yesterday for the first time.  What a disappointment!  It was extremely slow to sift 1 2/3 cup of flour, taking about 4 minutes.  The side to side, shaking motion was tiring, so much so that I had to move the sifter to the other hand.  I was surprised at that as I think I have strong hands and wrists, typing a lot and being a keyboard musician.I quickly ran downstairs to the trash and retrieved my old, reliable and fast crank-style sifter.  I'll try the new one again but suspect it will end up in a garage sale!!", 'This utensil will slide under cookies stuck on a baking pan without cracking or crumbling them. It will allow you to remove a small square of brownie or cake from a pan without breaking up the pieces alongside it. It transfers several appetizers or treats at a time. And if you do use it to ice a cake, the offset handle provides excellent control and keeps your fingers out of the frosting. It smoothes any topping to absolute perfection -- you will look like a pro.', "I use this for icing cakes, transferring cookies to a cooling rack, serving cake, brownies, etc.  I love this tool and I plan on getting a couple more because it's used so often.", "This is a big Icing Knife. It's strong and looks good. But it's best for cakes or any other large baking projects.I bought it for icing sugar cookies with my grandson but it's just too big for him and the cookies...I still recommend it because it is a good product.", 'the oxo good grips bent icing knife is a good purchase.  i think i would have preferred the shorter knife, but it was not available a the time i bought this one.  the shorter one would be easier to manouver around on a cake.', "As a gift, my granddaughter says that she really appreciated my gift. I have one exactly like this one, and I'm so glad that my granddaughter loves it.", "I have been meaning to buy an off-set spatula and finally did order this one. It's great for spreading cream filling into a blind-baked pie crust. It's a great addition to my kitchen.", "Thank you OXO!!!  I haven't used this great tool for icing a cake yet.  I used it to loosen some brownies from a cake pan and loosening some cookies before I used the plastic spatula I have (it has a thicker edge).  Nice very flat edge works perfectly.  Another great OXO product easy on the hands.  Love the ergonomic handle!!!", 'This was a very big icing knife. Seems very sturdy as does everything that OXO Grips puts its name under.', 'I bought this because I, too, wanted a longer icing knife. I works well, with the exception that it is flexible. So, the frosting cannot be cold or stiff, which sometimes makes the cake more difficult to ice. It does work fantastically with softer frostings and whipped cream.', "My husband likes to flip his eggs with an icing knife, so I ordered this one for him. It's average weight, a little bit flimsy but not an issue for what we use it for.Not so sure how it would hold up to stiff frosting though. Might cause some frustration with how much it tends to give/bend.", "I back quite a bit, and this knife has significantly reduced the time that it takes to frost a cake, it's that good.  Between this and my Wilton Trim-and-Turn Ultra cake turntable, I can get a cake frosted in minutes.  The weight is perfect, the width and length of the blade perfect, and I like the feel of the rubberized plastic of the handle much better than the wooden cake knife I had been using.  It has also survived multiple trips through the dish washer and still looks new.  Very pleased with this purchase.", "Ok I bought this b/c I wanted a icing knife that was long enough to do the whole top of a 9 inch circle cake (what I typically bake). Unfortunately, while the knife is long like I wanted, it is too flimsy and flexible to do much else. I can't stir the frosting w/ it unless  I want to do a weak job, I can't frost the sides b/c of it's flimsiness, etc. So, OXO, please make a more sturdy long knife if you haven't already!", "After mangling a number of cakes with a butter knife, I gave in and bought this for icing my cakes.  It's perfect for the job.  I'm not a cake artist by any stretch of the imagination; I'm happy if the icing is on the cake and the cake is still in one piece.  This knife made the job SO much easier.  You just load it up with icing and start spreading.  It's simple and easy and the right tool for the job.", 'This knife is very easy to hold and handle.  The weight is just right and balanced.  I will order more of this in the future.', 'I have never had an off-set spatula, and every time I frost cupcakes or a cake, I would think, "I really need a spatula to frost my cakes". Finally, while frosting some cupcakes, I wrote myself a note and ordered an off set spatula. It is one of those things you do for your self to make life easier. For under ten dollars, this was a wonderful purchase.Oxo has such a great name, and I have many of their products, I knew I could not go wrong. It is a very comfortable knife with a nonslip handle. The bent blade is perfect for putting the frosting on and then shaping the frosting to fit the cake or cupcakes. You can angle your movement without breaking your arm, and it is so much easier to use this off set spatula.Of course, there are other uses for this off set. You can slide the knife right under cookies to lift the cookies off without crumbles. Anything, really that you want to move from a pan to another surface. The knife/spatula is made of stainless steel and you can wash in the dishwasher, but I prefer to hand wash.This off set spatula is one of those pieces of equipment that makes a perfect gift. Many people, like me, never think to purchase one, and then once you have it, you wonder how you did without it. A gift someone usually does not buy for themselves. Remember this, when you are thinking of stocking stuffers.Recommended. prisrob 03-28-14', 'As with all OXO products you know your buying quality. The grip handle is great for greesey butter icing hands.', "I love to bake cakes, so I'm not sure why I waited so long to buy one of these.  Works wonderfully, very easy to use and flexible.  Highly recommend it!", "spread batter, frosting and a lot of other things around on a sheet pan or frost a cake.  Nicely made s/s blade and silicon handle with a nice grip.  Has gone through the dishwasher many times w/o any mishaps or rust problems. There is some flex to the blade therefore it might not be the best to spread really thick cookie doughs or batters around with but it does a nice job with lighter batters and frostings.  I'm happy, works for me.", 'I use this offset (Oxo calls it "bent") icing knife (really a spatula) on a regular basis. I mostly use it with cheesecakes: the flexibility is perfect for getting around inside the pan to separate the cheesecake from the sides without cutting into it or scratching the pan (be sure to spray it with Pam first). I also slide it under the cheesecake to separate it from the springform base, and then use it to start lifting it off the pan. It\'s nice and thin so I can get under the cake easily, but I\'d recommend using parchment under your crusts/cakes: because it\'s thin and lightweight I would accidentally cut into the cake sometimes, before using parchment. This Oxo knife is not strong enough to bear the weight of the cheesecake alone, so I use my hands or a wide cake blade for that.It\'s also great for lightweight icings and frostings, as others have said. I\'ve used it numerous times for whipped cream and even Wilton\'s canned frosting, thinned a bit. It\'s not sturdy enough for fondant. I do have a smaller one that has a sturdier blade, and it\'s great on smaller cakes.If you are an active baker you will find many uses for this offset spatula, but if you are like most active bakers, you will likely need more than just one type to meet your various needs.', "It gets the job done but not the quality I expected from OXO Good Grips. I've seen one's like it at the dollor store.", "I used it the first week I had it and loved it the first time I used it. This tool is ideal for whisking a loose batter, eggs, whatever. It has the feel of a professional's tool. I love the feel of the handle - you will not drop this accidentally! Worth every dime!", 'I love all the Oxo Good Grips kitchen utensils because they are so comfortable to use.  I use this little 9" whisk a lot for small jobs.  It is perfect for mixing up a little thickening for gravy, whisking a few eggs to use in recipes when baking, or for scrambling eggs.  A larger whisk won\'t fit in measuring cups or small bowls.Since I have arthritis in my hands, I find the Oxo good grips kitchen utensils to be the most comfortable on the market. One little bit of advice is to rinse the whisk immediately after using to make clean-up easier.  I made the mistake of letting food dry on it a couple of times, and it made cleaning it more difficult. I highly recommend this whisk for all cooks.', 'The handle, the length and the diameter of this product has made long term whisking less arduous. I can attest to that with the lager gravy that I made for the Thanksgiving turkey that required 1 hour of frequent stir/whisking.I have been replacing most of my antiquated kitchen tools with OXO for better ergonomics and efficiency. Very happy with my purchase.', 'This is a handy little whisk good for whipping small amounts of salad dressing, whipping cream, sauces or a couple of eggs!  Nice handle, narrow design gets in the corners of a measuring cup fairly easy, no places to trap residue.  Would buy this one again!', 'This size whisk is perfect for small jobs.  Feels great in the hand and is well made.  I have had a whisk from the Dollar Store, worked OK for a while, but then fell apart.  Cooking is much easier with good equipment.', "It's a whisk, it's little, it works better than most.  I will buy a larger version of the same brand.  I like it, so far.", "I have an awesome huge whisk, but sometimes you just don't want to bother with the weight of a heavy whisk when you're whisking something lighter.  I reach for my OXO Good Grips 11-inch whisk 90% of the time.  It does a great job, the handle is comfortable, it's not too heavy but can whisk just fine.  Unless you're whisking egg whites by hand, this is an AWESOME go-to whisk.  Also, OXO has really good customer service.  I had an issue with another product that was my fault, and they replaced it kindly.  I really appreciated that.  I have many of their kitchen products and have liked them all.", 'The whisk is great but smaller than you would think.  If you are looking for a standard size whisk go with the 11.  It is well made  and is great for smaller tasks like whipping eggs for omelets.', 'I have another Good Grip whisk... And i have to say i love them both...The handle is what really helps. It fits my (older) hand and makes whisking / mixing easy...The stainless steel wires that make up the Whisk are strong and do the job well...I recommend both the 9&#34; and 11&#34; Whisks', "This is my only whisk, and it is the perfect size to do just about any whisking job. Sometimes it's a little small, but overall I would definitely suggest this to someone that doesn't want to buy 3 different sizes.", "I own two of these just in case I ever need to scramble eggs and mix pancake batter at the same time.  I love it a great deal.  Not much to say.  It's small, but it's also sturdy and well balanced.  You're not going to mix a ten gallon vat of pancake batter with it.  But it's perfect for a family size mixing bowl or a three egg omelet.", 'Everything in my order that was from OXO was well designed, but made in China. If I had known, I would have avoided it.', 'I bought this whisk because my old one finally broke (2 of the wires popped out).  When I was browsing for a new one, I didn\'t really know how the whisk was measured.  This one is the "11-inch" model, but I didn\'t know from what to what was included in that measurement.  Now I know!  The measurement is from one end to the other tip, and not just the metal part, for anybody else who might be in the dark about this.  I am thrilled with this whisk.  I also have a silicon-covered whisk, which is not so great, especially when stirring pudding that you have to stir forever.  (I am not a fan of the instant/no stir type.) That silicon-covered whisk leaves a thick coat of pudding sludge on the bottom of my pan, because it isn\'t actually scraping the pan like a metal one.  I like that these wires are shaped in an elongated manner instead of a more puffed-out shape, it seems to get the job done very well.  I guess my old whisk was really junky, but this one is great. Also the rubber handle is comfortable to hold.  I don\'t find the length too long either, something that is actually an issue, as I am a petite person ("short") and long cooking tools are too difficult to deal with.', "I am a quadriplegic/tetraplegic (C5-6 if you care).  I have about 1/3 use of my hands and 1/2 use of my arms.  I can use most whisks with some effort, however, this Oxo one is almost effort-free for me.  I even whip  small amounts of cream (1/2 pint or less) because this whisk works so well  for me.My mother, who has mild arthritis, loves this whisk as well.This whisk is a nice size for whipping up a small amount of eggs (2-8),  cream, crepes, etc.  You'll need a full size whisk for more substantial  recipes.As with most Oxo tools it is very ergonomically designed: it  fits the hand and does the job it is supposed to do.", 'I love this little whisk!  I always make my own salad dressing and this whisk is perfect for that.  OXO is always great quality!', "I've been downsizing and cooking for one of late and as I was thinning the drawers and crocks of kitchen gadgets it struck me - out of the many and some not so mighty, this is the *last* whisk left.So how is this whisk special? It handles a single egg or a box of cake mix. The handle is comfortable to hold and weighted just enough that it doesn't tire my hand or wrist - even with severe arthritis. It's large enough not to get totally lost in a bigger bowl but small enough to work efficiently in a tighter bowl too. The tines aren't flimsy - they keep their shape while you are whipping away. Easy cleanup in the dishwasher. Can't think of a single thing I'd change.Last whisk standing.Highly recommended.", "Unlike some of the previous, uneducated reviewers, I knew prior to ordering this item that it was not used for making Whiskey. I knew that it was for beating things, such as eggs, whipped cream, and unruly children. (The latter is an optional use - I would use the 11-inch whisk, also available from amazon, or a heavy iron spoon). In short, this tool does its job with aplomb. I enjoy whisking all manner of items, and find myself using this item when it really isn't necessary at all. Just this morning I whisked myself a milk and organge juice smoothie, and followed that up by vigorously whisking my bowl of Rasin Bran. Sure, flakes and milk ended up all over the place, but each cereal shard was coated with nice frothy milk. I have even used this whisk to create my own flavors of toothpaste, mixing the best of several of my favorite brands into one bowl and wisking it into a greenish-brown blob of tooth-whitening goodness. Overall, this whisk is superb at doing what it was meant to do, and then some. I think I may use it tonight to whisk together a bowl of chiken soup puree! YUM!", "This is almost a hybrid of the flat whisks and the balloon type.  I use this several times per week and love the small size.  It's great for mixing dry ingredients instead of sifting for baking, for mixing batter, egg replacers, and for dissolving green superfood powders into juices and water.  Oxo is a staple in my kitchen--I love their stuff.  Do measure because it's small--a feature I really like.", 'I have a few bigger whisks that I use all the time, but I needed one just like this for smaller jobs and it works perfectly!  Love the handle and it cleans up really easily.  Very glad I purchased this... OXO does not disappoint!', 'As with mos of the good grips products, very comfortable handle. Works good and appears to be drable.', 'Nice handle, good nine inch size, dishwasher safe and easy to store. This whisk is the first one out of the drawer for the task.', "I love the handles on these guys. I got two sizes and they are just the ticket for making sauces, pudding and such. Your hands won't cramp while using them, nor will the whisks slip out of your hand.", 'Nice little whisk, this is.  I wanted one that wasn\'t 12" long and this fits the bill.  Nice and small and lots of wiring ~ sometimes I think too many, but it seems to work well for whisking dry ingredients while baking.', "5 stars.  BUT where's the hook or whatever from which to hang the whisk?  And, no, obviously one doesn't hang the whisk from the beater whisk wires!  Overall, however, I love this little whisk.  Very handy.  Efficient.  And a joy to use.", 'This whisk is heavy duty.  Perfect for use in my kitchen.  Easier to wash than any whisk I have ever owned - no weird crevasses to hold bacteria or dried food.  Handle is comfortable to hold even for long whisking tasks.  I like it so much I plan to purchase another soon!', 'Some are overkill or just too overbuilt, but I think this is there sweetspot and they have consistent quality. Feels "right" in the hand while using.', 'I bought the larger size first and loved it so I went ahead and bought this 9 inch and also love it.  Highly recommend.', 'A little larger would have been nice and there is no give to this whisk. Good for scraping the bowl tho..', 'Good quality, OXO is a good brand that I frequently buy however be sure to pay attention to the dimensions.  I thought I was getting a bigger wisk length wise than I actually received.  It was my fault for not looking closer to the size.  I kept it anyway, I will use it. It is just not the full length I wish I had purchased.', 'When I got this whisk I also got an 11 inch one because I have always used bigger ones. I figured a small one would come in handy from time to time.Well, I was wrong. THIS is the one I use all the time. Great for eggs, baking, sauces... If you just want to get one whisk, I recommend this OXO and this size.', "After one month of use, I hightly recommend it so far. It's easy to handle, the size is perfect for small mixtures and it seems to have good quality, both the whisk and the grip.", 'The OXO 9-inch whisk is a very good product. However, I should  have been more mindful when I ordered this because I already own this exact size. I was looking for one that was slightly longer - about 11 inches, but still as slender to replace one that broke. I use the whisk often, always with great results.', "Good rubber handle with excellent weight.  A good whisk has a good handle weight to allow it to pivot close to the hand/wrist allowing for a whipping motion to aerate whatever you are whisking.  Cheap whisks have hollow metal handles that lack this heaviness.Rubber on the handle also gives great grip when whisking heavier things such as eggs or heavy cream.  Haven't been disappointed with OXO yet.", "This is  a great whisk to add to your kitchen tools.  As always, the handle is quite ergonomic, an Oxo trademark.  I purchased this one because it is an in between size.  It's great for use with smaller bowls as the head of the whisk is narrower.  I actually use it more often than my large whisk.  A great addition to my kitchen!", "Not much else to say about it. It's smaller than the whisks I grew up with, so if you use big bowls, buy the next size up. Otherwise it's great.", "Ok, cmon now.  It's a whisk and works well.  I own MANY oxo products and am pleased with almost all their products.  They all perform their function well and with style.  And they are also very comfortable to use thanks to the famous oxo nonslip rubber handle.  Seems very sturdily made and have had absolutley no problems.  I would hihgly reccommend.", 'OXO is the best in everything they make.  Cannot go wrong.  It is great for my arthritic fingers.  Makes all tasks painless.', 'Exactly what I needed, I had one before but lost it in the move to a new house. Thank you.', 'We have a couple whisks in our kitchen, but this is my go-to whisk for whipping up scrambled eggs, omelets, breakfast bakes, and the like. It feels great in hand and zips through the eggs quickly, easily, and thoroughly.', "When they say 9 inches they mean 9 inches from bottom of handle to tip.  I have never owned any good whisks and have always used those ones you get in the &#34;bargain&#34; section at most department stores or mass merchandisers.  I am not sure if the OXO brand is the best whisk you can get, but judging by the one I got, I would say it is definitely a brand well worth considering.  The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.  They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.  Very pleased with my purchase.", 'Not only is this my favorite whisk, it is truly well made. While making a custard filling for caramel eclairs (you know those magical eclairs in the Simply Irresistible movie) I found that the balloon shape and the way the wires adapt themselves to the shape of a saucepan was highly desirable.For one thing, you don\'t want any clumping in a sauce or custard and things do tend to get clumpy if you can\'t get into the inner edge of a saucepan. With a bit of pressure, you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan. This is not always possible with a plastic whisk which is definitely not as flexible.The handle on this whisk makes it easy to keep a grip and OXO is known for their ergonomic considerations. I think of it as an almost suede rubber that is not only comfortable to hold, it allows your hand to grip the handle more firmly.Now the reason the 10 stainless-steel wires are so sturdy is because they are sealed into the base with a clear resin material. This also prevents food from building up and I throw this whisk in the dishwasher without fear.If you bang the wires against your hand you can see how sturdy this whisk is and I can almost imagine that somewhere in the world someone is using this whisk as a musical instrument.When the cookbook says "whisk" this is the one I\'d highlyrecommend.~The Rebecca Review', "The OXO whisk is the best whisk I've ever had.  It's very sturdy and just the right size.  The handle makes it easy to hold on to.", 'I used to be a professional cook, and consequently I got spoiled when it comes to tools for my kitchen. I am particularly picky about whisks. This 11 in. one, and the 9 in. one I bought at the same time, are excellent-- and the price is phenominal for such a good product. The grip is a big help if you have to whip up a pint of cream, as I did on Thanksgiving day!', "This whisk is so nice to use & doesn't rust in the dishwasher! I have both sizes now & won't ever buy another brand.", 'This 9" whisk is well made ..with a very nice handle. Note..it is not a big one. For the bigger jobs....get their 11" whisk....which I will get soon.A whisk is a must....so many uses. I even use them in some non-stick pans...carefully.Ideal for mushroom.. other tin cream soups.Thanks OXO and JB', "I have kept this whisk regardless of its being much shorter than I expected because it's very nice for small batches.I am a big fan of the ergonomic handle thanks to which I can almost effortlessly whip up cream, egg whites and stir pudding just by moving my wrist....it makes me feel like a &#34;pro&#34;.", "I actually ordered this whisk because the first one I bought is always in the dishwasher.  This is the whisk I grab for everything, gravy, batter, marinades, eggs, etc.  I have a larger whisk that also works well but just doesn't fit the hand as well.  With the shape of the handle and rubber texture this whisk has the perfect feel for every meal use.  I will probably end up buying a third as these two I now own will always be in the dishwasher.", 'I use my Oxo 9" whisk for many different recipes (whipping air into eggs, mixing liquid ingredients, etc.), and it always performs like a pro and goes straight into the dishwasher for easy cleanup. My only recommendation would be to invest in a silicone-coated whisk as well; this will scratch up your nonstick cookware, but it works great for mixing and other general kitchen duties.', "I love this whisk. It's lightweight and comfortable to use for smaller tasks like whipping just enough cream for hot cocoa.. It's length and small size make it a great size to use with my smaller pots. It's the perfect size for making a couple cups of homemade pudding for dessert and makes quick work of getting rid of lumps in gravy.", "Love this whisk, the grippy handle is perfect!  I needed a whisk that wasn't too big and to use for when I make hot chocolate.  This whisk fit the bill!", "You can't beat OXO.  This fits my hand very nicely and is a good quality kitchen tool.  Thanks so much.", "When I ordered this whisk I was slightly unsure about its usefulness, but I did know my smallest existing whisk was too large to get into the corners of small sauce pans (with straight sides) and too clumsy for whisking a couple of eggs in a small bowl.Oxo has nailed it again.  This whisk reaches into the corners of small pans, is just right for mixing a few eggs or incorporating ingredients into a pan sauce.  The handle is comfortable.  I'm a hero at home for making this purchase.  Thanks Oxo.", "Assuming the quality of this item is just as good as it was 5 years ago..then this little whisk is essentially perfect.  It's been through 5 years of pretty heavy use (at least a couple of times a week, sometimes much more) and plenty of trips through the dishwasher.  As far as I can tell it's still in perfect condition and of course it's quite comfortable to use.  What more could you ask for from a cheap little whisk in this day and age?", 'So much easier than trying to use a fork to make omelets and such. Has a good feeling grip too.', 'good for small jobs.solid, well made. the loops are strong and well spaced to provide optimal whipping/mixing action, yea.', 'Excellent whisk - buying one for my daughter!!', "...but since I'm lazy and this is dishwasher safe, it wins by default.  Well made and works great.  Use it to whip your eggs into shape!", "I love this whisk! The handle is a comfy rubber that doesn't tire your wrist. It more tines than any other whisk I've owned which is a good thing because eggs and cream whip faster.", "This is a sturdy, well-designed product, just what I would expect from OXO.  Food doesn't get stuck in the area where the wires meet the handle and nothing on it rusts.  To be honest, I don't use it much so I can't comment on how it holds up to heavy use. But it feels sturdy.", "I use this for small jobs that I don't want to get a hand mixer our for. I love the fact that it is metal and not nylon, but I wish the very end had a bit of a pointed tip.  It would make it much more useful when making gravy on a saucepan on the stove.  Other than that, it is great and makes awesome pancakes and scrambled eggs.", 'The handle is great and the whisk pieces actually move to contour to the bowl. This is by far the best whisk I have ever owned.', "OXO is known for its quality and this product doesn't disappoint.  The whisk is well-constructed and the design is exactly as you'd expect.  I highly recommend this product.", 'This whisk is really well-made and so far I am really pleased with its usage in my kitchen. It is very sturdy and does a good job!', "No but seriously it's so great as you can imagine; dropping the boring old egg in the bowl and using this whisk. You start bouncing and swirling and realizing you need the music on because your body just won't stop dancing with this thing. Time to invite people over for the party, It's to bad the balloon whisk didn't come with balloons. &#127880;I couldn't have bought it at the most best time, because now was that time with the other whisk being an ugly mess and rusty piece of sh_. It was out with the old and in with the new, and when this got to work, what we made was the best ever.We're gonna make so many great things in the future I can't wait to see them all. Gonna Gonna Gonna, forget the future what about now. We should start now, so I mean tomorrow not in the future. And all the tomorrows after that. Gonna gonna gonna.You're not gonna get just icing when you make it anymore, you're gonna get the most perfect texture and flavor snow flake mixture of such tasting happiness you're not gonna believe you made it. But don't get carried away because you really did, with the help of OXO of course.My old whisk didn't even have a nice handle that freely moved when mixing, I was the only one moving all the time to the music, and it wasn't easy because you can't depend on the old one, it's to sporadic and painful on the fingers and hands.Well, back to the kitchen, and back to my little  &#127880;Whisky.", 'I am a fan of OXO products and this whisk is no exception.  Very well made and the handle has nice feel.  This whisk is kept in a jar with my other frequently used kitchen tools so it can be quickly accessed.', "When shopping for a whisk last year I was tempted to get a somewhat cheaper one, until my husband pointed out that this one was particularly well-made, and the ferrule joined seamlessly with the wires -- which meant no food residue trapped inside, easier cleaning and no rusting.  Trust me, not all whisks have wires sealed in at the base!Well, he was right.  The contoured, easy-grip handle is a bonus.  This whisk is so stury, I doubt I will ever have to buy another.  It's also a good medium size, versatile for eggs and everything else I've ever needed a whisk for.  Perfect!", "I've used used this several times (mostly scrambled eggs) and love it. I like the fact I don't have to worry about it rusting if it stays in the water a few days . Ok, so I'm a guy, old, divorced and not into cooking but I found if I spray it with 'Pam' is is very easy to clean but y'all probably already knew that.I have learned, 'Don't skimp on quality' of kitchen utensils, you'll pay more in the end. Not gonna tell you about my cheap 'melted' spatula!Good product. Hope my comments were a help.", 'This whisk is great!  It is much better than I expected and better than any other whisk I have owned. It is good quality and easy to hold. I just bought a second one and am throwing out my 2 old bent out of shape rusty bottomed ones.', 'This is great and covers all needs and I use it for everything from eggs to whatever- beautifully made and cleans well', "This whisk was top-rated by America's Test Kitchen after testing several.  I took a chance and couldn't be more pleased.  Its great for thin ingredients and works well on recipes that are thicker.  A real find!", 'Good quality excellent just what I had been looking for.  Where I live we only have a Walmart and the do not carry any thing close to this quality.', "I bought a second one. I do have one complaint, the whisk has a rubberized handle, so I don't think you can leave it in the pot if making gravy or something where you might normally leave it propped against the side of the cooking pot.  I would think that the rubber would burn off with little issue.  Apart from that, this is quite a nice whisk.", "I love this OXO Grip whisk .The handle is perfect for my older hands. And the whisk itself is strong. Both are a plus in making the job quick and easy. I'm so glad I took a chance on  this one and bought others to go with it...", 'I have many OXO utensils, and so far I have very few complaints.  My previous whisk was a &#34;dishwasher safe&#34; stainless steel handle model - that fell apart after a few washings.  This whisk seems very solid and well balanced - but I will probably hand wash it, just in case!', 'I didn\'t choose the whisk life it chose me. I am known for my shakes (hand shaking, that is). I\'m not talking about the greeting, but rather my Essential Tremors. Most of my siblings have this unfortunate gene, but I am the one who gets called out for it most often. I have acquired the nick name "The Shakiest Gun in the West"; people always ask me if I\'m scared or cold; my dreams of becoming a world renown surgeon has been shattered; I can\'t even draw a perfect line in art class. I thought I was hopeless, until that one faithful morning. I woke up early, one Saturday, to get my dose of Sonic the Hedgehog, Power Rangers, and Pok&eacute;mon; but, before the toons, I had to fuel up. I went to check the kitchen for some raw energy. I found some eggs and bread. I cracked the eggs in a bowl and out the bread in the toaster. All the forks were dirty, so I had to use a whisk. I broke out the good ole Balloon Whisk and got to work. I noticed that my whisky ability was very powerful, and I could whisk the eggs up in about 5 seconds. That\'s when I discovered my super power. I can whisk anything at a high power. I am no longer The Shakiest Gun in the West, but rather the Quick Whisk. And, just like Thor wields Mj&ouml;lnir and Aragorn handles And&uacute;ril, I carry the OXO Whisk of Justice. Even though, I haven\'t found a way to use my powers against criminals, I have found a way to rid of the pettier things. If you have some pesky ants that continue to make a hill on your lawn, I can whisk away their evil doings in a flash. Also, if you think cobwebs in your house is a problem, just give me a ring, and I\'ll be over quicker than I can whisk. I also work at social events and birthday parties. It\'s a whisk-y business, but someone\'s got to do it.', "What I love most about this whisk is the fact that it won't slip into the bowl when you put it to the side to add ingredients.  The rubber handle stops it from going anywhere.  Nothing worse than trying to dig a utensil out of batter.  Great wide whisk as well.  It is my go-to kitchen item.", "I initially saw this 11-inch balloon whisk in a big box store and loved how the contour handle felt in my hand, but before buying it, I decided to check with Amazon.com and see if I could get it for a better price.  I'm glad I did because I saved about 25%.  I have used it a number of times and, in my view, it out performs all of my other wire whisks.  I highly recommend this terrific kitchen tool.", 'A good whisk at a good price. I like the gripper handle. I like that there are different lengths of this whisk. Seems to be a good product so far.', 'handle easy to hold. sturdy whisk that does the job nicely and w/ ease. I bought the smaller version as well and like that one too.', 'Love all OXO products, and this is no exception!', 'OXO never disappoints with their products and this is no exception. This whisk works great, it feels comfortable in the hand and has just enough give. I made two batches of caramel sauce with this and after the first batch seized up on me it was not hard to wash the hardened crystals off the rungs. That makes this whisk a winner!', "When I purchased this I didn't realize how big it was but that's okay.  It was the first whisk I have ever owned and I really love it.", 'The handle is comfortable for me - no arthritis yet, but I am getting older... The whisk works as desired. All around, a good product.', 'This is a very nicely built whisk, especially considering the price. The wires are bonded well to the handle, which is easy to grip and feels sturdy. The whisk performs well and is easy to clean. Nicely sized -- not too big, not too small. While you can spend a lot more for a more elegant or fancy looking tool, this gets the job done just as well, and appears built to last.I have a few other OXO kitchen tools and they have never let me down. This is no exception -- a great value, and highly recommended.', "This Whisk works great, and cleans up easily too. I have gone many years without having one, and just decided with all the cooking that I do, I really shouldn't be without one of these items. I'm glad I purchased it.", 'The grip on the whisk is pretty amazing - the balloon shape helps me with whipping egg whites.  Easy to clean.', 'Overpriced, but works well. Has a nice grip and design, seems sturdy. Like all whisks can be difficult to wash.', 'Love the handle, not uncomfortable and whips perfectly.  I love to cook and had a previous whisk, well known brand, but the whisk part broke off at the handle.  I was specifically looking for one that would not fall to this same fate and based on the description of the construction, it should be perfect.  So far my wrist wears out well before this whisk ever will!', "A whisk is not a complicated device so there is not much I can say about the performance of the whisk. There is a lot I can say about the comfort of this whisk.It has a great grip and is very easy to hold in either your left or right hand. I mention that last part because I am left-handed and my wife is right-handed (a wee touch of humor). The whisk portion is stainless steel and the handle is the classic Oxo good grip anti-slip material.The wire whisk portion has good flexibility and should do a fine job. We have yet to be disappointed with an Oxo product and don't expect that to change.", 'This whisk seems to be well built and sturdy. It has a little weight to it, which I like. The grip fits well in my hand and the material is easy to hold, unlike some of the smooth plastic grips. It is not the least expensive whisk you will find, but it does seem to be worth the extra money.', 'I really like this - easy to hold and mix with it.  I have arthritis in my hands and Oxo Good Grip tools work the best for me.= best product for a great price.', "The whisk works very well and is easy to clean. It also seems pretty well made, and I expect it to last me a long time. It is everything I expected it would be. However, I do not think this whisk provides a great value. OXO is a pretty good brand, but I don't think it's worth the premium pricing unless you have arthritis, whisk for hours at a time, or have some other need to have very large handles. I bought this out of convenience because I didn't even know how much a non premium whisk would cost at Target. If you are willing to get a different brand with a plain handle, they are about seventy percent less than on Amazon. The large handle also takes up more space in my kitchen drawer.", 'I have to say I was surprised at how good this grip feels - it really does!Good, sturdy whisk. Very happy with it and would recommend.', "This is a very nice whisk.  Wonderful silicone handle.  Nicely made.  I seem to gravitate towards OXO because I've always been happy with their products.", "This whisk is really good. I got it after seeing it reviewed by America's Test Kitchen, and after getting fed-up with my silly silicone whisk; it's really good. I didn't think there's such a thing as a &#34;better&#34; whisk until now, but this one kinda proves me wrong. It is better than the one I had.", "This balloon whisk, purchased from Amazon, is what I needed for larger and more weighty ingredients.  I already had a small and medium size which I use frequently but knew that because I have severe arthritis in my hands I would need an ergonomic handle.  It's very comfortable, does the job and I  recommend it for those with or without arthritis.", "Well, I own a bigger whisk so I guess that's what I was expecting. Like all their other products, it is well made and the handle is comfortable. I'll use this as a spare.", "I have a rather small whisk for eggs and a slightly larger one that I use a lot, but the handle broke off my larger one recently, so was time for a new one.  I always check America's Test Kitchen to see what they recommend and they said this one, so got it.  It is really nice and easy to use.  Comfortable handle.", "This whisk was recommended by America's Test kitchen.  This is a great whisk as it has more wires than most and has a comfortable handle.  I also bought the silicone version for my teflon pans.", 'Light but sturdy; well-made and as expected with OXO Good Grips brand.  It does grip well and I really enjoy using it.  Highly recommend.', 'Great product for under $10.00. Not much to say about this. It gets the job done! 10 out of 10 for me', 'This is a good quality whisk.  I love OXO products as they are so comfortable.  I use this all the timeand am very happy with the quality.  I would recommend this product.', "I got two of these; different sizes. They are well made and feel good in the hand; your hand will not cramp during a long stir and won't slip off either. the handle is very comfortable.", 'I bought this almost two years ago, and have used it almost daily since then.  It does a fine job and is holding up very well.  It still looks new, in fact.  I have a blender, food processor, and heavy duty stand mixer, and I use them also, but for small jobs, like beating a couple of eggs or whipping up some homemade mayonnaise, I prefer this handy easy-to-clean gadget.', 'I had been wanting to get a whisk and saw this one recommended by CI.  It gets the job done.  The handle is comfortable in my hand.  Price was right.  Happy with my purchase.', 'i shouldve been on there marketing team for such a catchy line to this review.  well its a fantastic whisk.  you can throw it in the washer and not worry about it.  has a great weight.  i actually keep it in a canister on my counter because i use it so much.  comfortable to whisk with also.', "I've been using whisks I can get for $1, but the Oxo Good Grips 11-inch Balloon Whisk was a very good investment.  Again, I am not disappointed by the brand and now that I have it, I wish I would have bought it a lot sooner.This whisk has enough wires that it mixes quickly and thoroughly.  It feels very well-balanced in my hand.  The grip is very comfortable to hold.  It also feels very substantial.  The cheap whisks I have used before have felt like they are bending in pancake batter.  This whisk makes things a lot easier, mostly, I'm sure, because it is a quality product.If you are looking for a whisk (and you're reading this), stop looking and get this one.  You won't be disappointed!", 'OXO is good stuff.Quality construction.  Nice ergonomics if you are going to hand wisk vs. machine wisk.  Looks good and holds up well after repeated use.Purchase again?  YES', 'I couldn\'t decide between the 9" or 11", but I bought this one first to see if it would work for smaller jobs.  I still may get a 9" non-balloon whisk, but more because I use my whisk a lot and hate cleaning by hand in between dishwasher runs.  This whisk is perfect for baking because it aerates so well and is sturdy and comfortable.  It doesn\'t work as well on just one or two eggs, but I still use it for now.  The big plusses about this particular whisk are the handle and construction.  As with all OXO good grip products, it is sturdy, comfy, and looks great.The all stainless steel handle looks much nicer than this rubber one, but don\'t even think about it unless you\'re whisking something watery for only a couple minutes.  When i\'m preparing egg whites or baking, the handle makes a huge difference so I can continuously whisk.  If you are planning to whisk egg whites at all, make sure you get a good grips whisk, whatever the size and shape.  Also, a rounded, uncoated, copper bowl is mandatory.', 'I threw my other whisks away. If/When this one wears out I will replace it with another OXO Good Grips.I use this product.I love this product.I recommend this product.', "This item seems to be strong and sturdy. I expect it to last a long time. I like it because the handle doesn't slip out of my hand.", 'I love this wisk.  Great quality and I love the gripper handle.  Fast shipping and excellent packaging.  Item as described and shown.  Highly recommend.  Plan on buying another size.', 'I have purchased several types of whisks in the past year, and this by far is my favorite.  It is very well made, feels sturdy in the hand.  The grip is padded and thick enough to get a good hold on it, causing much less fatigue during use. I have had multiple surgeries on my hands, yet I find this whisk very easy to use.', 'This is a great whisk, until the plastic handle starts to disintegrate (perhaps from the heat of the dishwasher?).  All of my oxo whisks had to be thrown out after about 2 years due to the handles starting to break down.', "A perfect balloon whisk consists of:  Good balance, a good grip and a sturdy balloon; this has it all.  I've had $30 whisks that didn't come close in performance.  You don't know what you're missing until you get a whisk that doesn't slide out of your wet hand whilst trying to get those stiff peaks...", 'This is a fantastic whisk. It has a great handle and is dishwasher safe. It is well balanced and has worked well with everything I have thrown at it - including some fairly thick cookie batters. I will probably buy a few others of this same style.', "Really excellent whisk. I love the handle., the whisk is easy to clean, etc. I don't know what else to say, but I have to add more words, so there you go, Amazon.", "The product arrived on time and in the condition described. This is the best whisk I've ever had. It works very well, and it cleans up easily.", 'Great quality, nice large whisk, works really great, better made than any of my old whisks and works better as well.I purchased the small one also after using this one for a bit.', "It works great for me. I bought it a while ago and it's still as good as new. It does take up a lot of room in my kitchen drawer, but it's a nice product.", "This risk makes whipping cream a breeze. We ate 'real whipped cream' throughout the holiday. Everyone enjoyed taking a turn with the whisk", "High quality, dishwasher. It seems really durable and I think I'll be able to use it for years. Not much more you can ask for from a whisk.", 'Nice handle, does the job well. Cleans well in dishwasher. Very happy with purchase. I have no complaints about this product.', "Whisks are something it seems we can never have too many of; although, we have made do with only one for the last several years. Finally decided to get another one and used America's Test Kitchen testing in our decision making. This was their top rated balloon whisk.It is nicely made, very sturdy, and cleans up easily. A simple, but very necessary tool.", "I'm not going to lie to you and say that this is something which i use everyday.. If I use it once a year, consider that enough. I bought it however because I needed one and got it in the mail today. It is fantastic! It wreeks quality and I know I'll have it for a long time. I love the rubber handle. It is easy on my hands...", "Good rubber handle with excellent weight. A good whisk has a good handle weight to allow it to pivot close to the hand/wrist allowing for a whipping motion to aerate whatever you are whisking. Cheap whisks have hollow metal handles that lack this heaviness.Rubber on the handle also gives great grip when whisking heavier things such as eggs or heavy cream. Haven't been disappointed with OXO yet.", 'Awesome grip on the handle. I am pleased.', 'This whisk works extremely well, and feels good in your hand.  I have really given it a workout during the holidays-and I really love it.  I have a little arthritis in my wrist and this tool  made things much easier for me.', "I now own 4 whisks, and yes, I need/use all 4!  This is my new favorite though.  The contoured handle was a pleasant surprise.  It actually feels nice when you're using it.I purchased this whisk based on America's Test Kitchen recommendation.  They have never let me down in all my previous kitchen purchases, so I did very little research on the product before purchasing.  Once again, they did not let me down.The balloon of the wires helps prevent a build up of food in between the wires, makes it easier to clean, evenly whisks & distributes the liquid/dry ingredients, and makes it easier to get in the corners of the pan or bowl.Not all whisks are made equal, and if you were to only own 1, I would recommend this.  I'm very pleased with my purchase!", "A wisk that feels like it has a bit of heft and is well made and ergonomic!  Love the feel of this thing, and it seems like it will hold together for a lot of years to come.  It's a plus having the easy grip handle but still having the wire wisk as opposed to the plastic wisk.  Love.", 'I love OXO products!  Whenever I replace an cooking utensil or get something new I always look for OXO.  The whisk is sturdy and of course the handle is comfortable as with any OXO product I have.', "This is the best whisk I've every used.  It is very comfortable to use with the handle and works like a charm.  It gets the job done much faster than my other whisks.", 'I will not buy anything but OXO products - very high quality.  Makes all tasks painless for my arthritic fingers.', 'Love it. Like all Oxo products this whisk is high quality and easy to hang on to with a nice non slip grip. I have the little one too.', "Comfortable handle that seems pretty solid, and it's a good size. Not so large it takes up the whole drawer, not so small that bigger whipping jobs can't be done. I wind up grabbing this one for just about everything and it seems to be holding up well.", "I have two whisks, this one, and a silicone covered whisk.  This whisk is great to mix things quickly by hand. The metal wires instead of the silicone just works better.  I use the silicone whisk for like making white cheese sauce or pudding (because of the scrapping the bottom of the pan in high heat).  But the metal is a powerhouse of whisk energy.  Eggs are fluffier than silicone, working with quiches or even whip cream because the wire as stronger withstand force and are thinner.Purchased another one for a housewarming gift for a friend.  When I realized they cook and didn't have a whisk, boy they are missing out.", "I've only used this a couple times but it feels good in the hand, easy to clean and is durable. I'd buy it again. Why buy this over another brand? I've rarely been disappointed with any of the OXO products. Buy quality.Buy OXO you won't be dissapointed.OXO makes some of the best products for the price-I own a lot of them!", "and now I've done it.  What a great, handy gadget to have in your kitchen.  It's so much easier than getting your mixer out, plugging it in to mix something simple...like scrambled eggs.", "Love this whisk!!!!! Made well and does it's job properly. I would gladly recommend this to anyone I know. You can get this at BBB for a bit cheaper with 20% coupon.", 'Whipping can be a tiring, hand cramping ordeal but this balloon whisk is very comfortable to use, works great, easy to clean.  Everything I wanted.  Great product.', "The good:  The rubber handle is more comfortable to grip and ergonomic, and the metal tines are sturdy and clean up easily.  It's also light.  I have some other Kuhn Rikon whisks that are fancy and much more expensive.  They're nice, but I keep reaching for the OXO.The bad:  It doesn't stay upright in the pan when you put it down.  It keeps sliding into the pan, so you need to set it aside on a plate or trivet when cooking.Overall, my favorite whisk.", 'Perfect, all purpose whisk. We use it quite regularly. The grip is nice and is comfortable in any position held.', "If you only knew what I was using before this....I used a 99 cent whisk and for a while it worked but the structure was coming undone and changing into a funky color brown and didn't want my food to chips of metal in it so I splurged on one of the best OXO. I am loving every minute of it it is super sturdy and extremely well made and not to be big. You can actually use in a small sauce pan or larger and cleans very well and so far the metal is NOT changing color so that's good..", 'We saw it being favorably reviewed on a PBS cooking show, so we ordered one here.  It  only cost about $10.  It is comfortable to use, and does a nice job in the mixing bowl.', "When they say 11 inches they mean 11 inches from bottom of handle to tip.  I have never owned any good whisks and have always used those ones you get in the &#34;bargain&#34; section at most department stores or mass merchandisers.  I am not sure if the OXO brand is the best whisk you can get, but judging by the one I got, I would say it is definitely a brand well worth considering.  The wires are not extremely rigid like the cheapies, but they don't feel like they are going to bend either.  They have just the right amount of give to make whisking together ingredients a snap.  Very pleased with my purchase.", "As Norah Jones is singing something about love being a lost balloon, I am sitting here contemplating the sheer beauty of this whisk. Not only is this my new favorite whisk, it is truly well made. While making a custard filling for caramel &eacute;clairs (you know those magical &eacute;clairs in the Simply Irresistible movie) I found that the balloon shape and the way the wires adapt themselves to the shape of a saucepan was highly desirable.For one thing, you don't want any clumping in a sauce or custard and things do tend to get clumpy if you can't get into the inner edge of a saucepan. With a bit of pressure, you can whisk into every inch of a saucepan. This is not always possible with a plastic whisk which is definitely not as flexible.The handle on this whisk makes it easy to keep a grip and OXO is known for their ergonomic considerations. I think of it as an almost suede rubber that is not only comfortable to hold, it allows your hand to grip the handle more firmly.Now the reason the 10 stainless-steel wires are so sturdy is because they are sealed into the base with a clear resin material. This also prevents food from building up and I throw this whisk in the dishwasher without fear.If you bang the wires against your hand you can see how sturdy this whisk is and I can almost imagine that somewhere in the world someone is using this whisk as a musical instrument.~The Rebecca Review", 'As always OXO came thru again.  This is a wonderful product.  I highly recommend it and I use it a lot.', 'This OXO is my versatile, go-to whisk; the first tool for which I reach in a variety of food prep applications. It is the perfect size, weight and design to move rapidly in incorporating more air into scrambled egg preparation, for example. I own a variety of whisks, but the OXO Good Grips is the only one I keep handy on my counter top. Highly recommended.', 'Excellent whisk! Nice soft feel and most importantly does exactly what it should do... Recommended', 'Makes whisking easy and clean. Small enough and good-looking enough to, and good value for the price. Have been using for many months now, and no problem faced. Highly recommend!', 'Nice large size. Very comfy handle. Dishwasher safe. My old whisk had 5 wire loops that would jam into each other and bend funny (piece of junk). The Good Grips 11" balloon whisk has 10 wire loops that don\'t come into contact with each other, allowing for more thorough whisking. The plug in the handle where the wire loops go though is heavily sealed, keeping it very sanitary. It\'s really durable. It can whip up a half a dozen eggs in a big mixing bowl super quick (that\'s the most I\'ve tried -- I\'m sure it can do more). Also great for large gravy making at Thanksgiving. Other than discoloration of the wire loops (after much use and dishwasher cleanings) it still looks and feels new.', "This is the perfect whisk -- the tines stay true and strong, it cuts through heavy batter with ease but whips cream into air, the handle never slips out of my hand... I could go on. After 14+ years and approximately 1,000,000 trips through the dishwasher, the rubber base DOES eventually separate from the business end, and allow liquids to seep into the handle. No matter. It's such a reasonably-priced item in comparison I hardly consider that a negative.", 'This whisk is your typical size.  It works well for larger pots of sauces, etc.  Not good for needing to get close to the edge on a pot.  There are smaller whisks that get closer to the edges.  Overall, another great OXO product.', 'Several of our gadgets are OXO. They withstand a lot of use and are very comfortable to use. Soft to hold .', 'No clumping up at the nose of the whisk.  Now I need a smaller one that works as well, and one in silicone to protect my pans.  Design is great though.', 'After reading a review of kitchen equipment on the "serious eats" blog I decided to pick up the OXO 11" balloon whisk.  Just like the review said, this whisk is light-weight and with the rubber handle very easy to handle.  Unlike the whisk I had been using, which was a tad on the heavy side, this is a breeze to use.  Cheap too!', 'After making a number of poor choices I finally hit on a good product in this OXO Whisk.  The handle is very easy to grip and we find that the 11 inch size is perfect when making sauces in a Saucier pan.  Quality seems to be very good...we are happy with this one!', 'This is a really nice balloon whisk, it will be perfect for making eggs or batters. Really sturdy and not to difficult to clean.', "I needed a whisk and this fit the bill.  I like the grip on it.  t serves it's purpose for me.", 'I bought this OXO Good Grips whisk in the 11" size thinking it would be good for many uses.  I didn\'t want to get too dinky of one and this one definitely isn\'t dinky!  Good big size, nice grip (like all the good grips line).  I highly recommend.', 'This OXO Good Grips 11-inch Balloon Whisk is great.  It is sturdy and well constructed.  It fits the hand well and is easy to use and clean.', "I own several wisks (and spatulas and small pans) due to usually having pancakes or french toast for breakfast and sauces or desert filling for dinner. This is the #1 selling wisk at Amazon likely because it is a good size (handling a single egg to cooking for a small army), with more wires than most but which are well spread out (so food is less likely to get stuck in it), well weighted, very well made with the wires sealed into the handle with a clear resin (not being built this is way is why the last one needed to be thrown out), by a well-know manufacturer, with an easy grip handle (so you won't drop it even if you have wet hands), for a good price. And, I wouldn't buy anything that wasn't dishwasher safe. This is now my first go to wisk. Highly recommended.", 'This whisk is well balanced allowing for easy whisking. It has withstood many runs through the dishwasher without collecting water in the handle like other whisks I have owned. Now I just need a smaller version to go with this one!', "At 50-something, my hands are beginning to ache, but I still cook, though sometimes I get my son to open jars for me. This whisk is great because it is soft on the hand and doesn't require much pressure to control it. It also happens to be a great whisk, doing what a whisk should do and doing it well. Then, when you are done, you can pop it on the top rack to clean. What more could you ask for?", "Can't go wrong in the kitchen with this brand. Durable, functional and a good grip! Have used for some time now and still good as new.", "Easy to grip, easy to clean, and makes my omelettes fluffy. This is a great whisk, and that's about all you need to know.", 'it does not lie when it says &#34;good grips&#34;. Kind of wish it had a hole for hanging. Sturdy and high quality all around!', 'A flat whisk is nice for getting stuff mixed at the bottom of sauce pans, etc. and this one does the job.', "Maybe I don't cook the right things to find this whisk as rave-inducing amazing as so many other OXO products, but it works fine and is constructed well.  That said, I have not put it to many tests and it's really only meant for whisking very lightweight ingredients (eggs, liquids, etc).  The feature I like best is that it stores relatively flat and doesn't take up extra space in my small kitchen, but I guess that can be said for most flat whisks.  The parts that set it apart from cheaper whisks are probably the handle and the construction.  The handle is comfortable and has a nice rubbery grip.  As far as construction, it's sealed well where the black rubber meets the metal and the parts are all solidly welded together.  It far surpasses the dollar store whisk I used to have, I guess I just need to find more recipes that require me to use it...", 'Easy to clean, makes me some super fluffy eggs. Has held up well so far, and the construction is tip top.', 'the oxo good grips flat whisk is perfection! I mostly use it to make sauces! This is the best flat whisk on the market!', "This is a great tool to have if you frequently whisk wet and dry ingredients together. With a normal balloon-type whisk, thick batters can get stuck in the middle, but that can't happen with this. I use it a lot for pancake and waffle batters.", 'Just the right size for whipping up some eggs.  The flat whisk fits the utensils drawer well. The handle is great and comfortable to use in any position.', "This is one of my most-used cooking tools. What makes this whisk stand head and shoulders above the crowd of balloon whisks is the fact that it's flat--well, slightly dished, like a skeleton of a serving spoon--which makes it a snap to clean. It performs the usual whisking chores with aplomb, but can be wiped clean in a fraction of the time (and with a fraction of the water) required for a traditional balloon whisk.", "Works we'll, easy to clean. Hasn't rusted like other cheap brands that I've bought in the past, would buy again", 'I use this whisk for everything. I love it !The only thing I would say is that the handle is a little short if you were to use it in a deep bowl or large pot.', "Good quality product, as I've found with all Oxo products I own.I like this because it's flat and fits into the drawer better than my old balloon whisk.  Works for what I need it for, but I don't need to whip volume into anything very often.", 'The have to have kitchen utensil when cooking any rue, sauces, gravy, etc.  It is simple yet makes all off your stove sauces come out perfect.', 'This is super for 1 reasons:1 - It is a flat whisk and the flat whisks have always worked great for me. Much better than the round ones.2 - It has a great grip which is great for someone like me who has trouble using their hands very long.I highly recommend it and I would buy it  again.', "Has a grippy handle like many OXO products, but small enough to allow various handholds. One can wisk and lift simultaneously allowing excellent aeration. The flat shape permits scraping a roux or omelette off the bottom of a cooking surface which evens the cooking of a thickening liquid.  Although it's metal it does not scratch a pan when held flat, even nonstick, as there are no sharp surfaces on the wire. Because of the slight bend in the shape it is usable as a spatula. Usable for straining tempura, hushpuppies, dumplings, etc. The flat design means all surfaces of the wire can be easily reached for cleaning and it stores more compactly.", 'I really love using this whisk with my stanless steel pans.  Wish I could find one coated for all the other pans I have.  Would recommend this  to anyone who makes sauces or gravies.  Wonderful tool!', 'It has a nice length with balanced handle and nice tongs to reach all the surfaces of a pan or bowl.  I hand wash it and do not put it in the dish washer.', 'This is a great whisk.  I saw Pioneer Woman use one of these and decided I would try it out.  Perfect for making no-lump gravy.', 'Should have bought one  of these years ago! Very handy, well made, works great. What more needs to be said?', "I love this whisk! I'm going to buy a regular version as well. This whisk really stands up to use and isn't flimsy like the one I had before.", 'This is my first flat whisk and it is very sturdy. It is great for making skillet gravy. It washes up very nicely in the dishwasher.', 'This is a good quality whisk... especially for the price! Works great with pan sauces and gravies. Sturdy and durable.']